The Memphis Grizzlies (8 - 7) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (9 - 6) 110 - 96 on Tuesday. The Mavericks outplayed the Grizzlies in several categories, yet curiously still came up well short of a victory. Dallas drained 11 three - pointers to Memphis’ seven, and the Mavs also outrebounded the home team 48 to 42. Zaza Pachulia’s performance particularly stood out in this regard, as he held his own against one of the best all - around centers in the game in Marc Gasol. Pachulia went toe - to - toe on the glass with the Grizzlies’ big man, matching his 10 boards while also collecting 13 points. Veteran Dirk Nowitzki posted a double - double of his own, his second on the season. The veteran power forward totaled 14 points and 10 rebounds, while adding a block and a steal. Deron Williams (10 points) and Wesley Matthews (11 points) made respectable contributions, with the latter draining three three - pointers, giving him seven over the last two contests. Reserves J.J. Barea and Raymond Felton paced the Dallas bench with a pair of 16 - point outings. Felton was notably perfect on three - pointers, draining all four of his shots from beyond the arc. The Mavericks fell to 9 - 6 and currently reside in second place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division. They travel to San Antonio for a Wednesday tilt versus the Spurs. The Grizzlies received a remarkably balanced offensive performance from their starters, something they have significantly lacked in many games this season. Gasol collected 15 points and the aforementioned 10 boards, while point guard Mike Conley continued his recent stretch of resurgent play on offense. The veteran tallied 21 points, six assists, and four rebounds, for his fourth game of 20 points or more in the last five contests. Matt Barnes parlayed his rare starting opportunity into a solid tally of 14 points, seven rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals over 38 minutes. Jeff Green acquitted himself well filling in at power forward for the ailing Zach Randolph (knee), pitching in 19 points, seven rebounds, three assists and a pair of blocks in a tough matchup against Nowitzki. Mario Chalmers led the Memphis reserves with 14 points, while JaMychal Green made the most of his return to the bench by amassing 13 points over just 17 minutes. The Grizzlies improved to 8 - 7 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division. They head to Houston for a Wednesday showdown versus the Rockets.
