The Sacramento Kings (30 - 45) defeated the Washington Wizards (36 - 39) 120 - 111 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday. The Kings took care of business on their home court en route to their 30th win of the season, which marked the first time since 2007 - 2008, but the a bizarre final 10 seconds of play resulted in a double technical at the expense of Rajon Rondo and DeMarcus Cousins. Following a Wizards bucket, Rondo and Cousins appeared to mock the refs, walking towards their bench both clapping simultaneously. Rondo was then ejected for arguing with the ref, and Cousins earned his 16th technical foul of the season. If all holds up, both players will likely be suspended for their next game. Despite the strange ending, the Kings had little trouble handling their opponent on the second game of a back - to - back for Washington. The first quarter went in favor of the Wizards, and John Wall got them off to a hot start after scoring seven points and adding four rebounds and four assists in that first period. Wall is accustomed to dealing dimes against Sacramento, his season high 19 assists came against the Kings late in December. From there on out Cousins went on to score at will and abuse his matchup with Marcin Gortat. Washington got some life back in them when Otto Porter Jr. went on a scoring run in the third quarter, but poor shot selection in the final period sank their chances of overcoming the deficit. Cousins finished with 29 points, 10 rebounds, four assists and four blocks on 11 - of - 18 shooting in 32 minutes. Rondo completed his 36th double - double of the season with 15 points and 11 assists. The Kings elite duo looked fresh after sitting out against the Trail Blazers on Monday. Rudy Gay either knocked down his midrange jumpers, but failed to convert a three - pointer, as he finished 0 - of - 3 from behind the arc. Gay finished with 15 points and four boards. The Sacramento bench saw three standout double figure performances from Omri Casspi, Kosta Koufos and Darren Collison, with the latter of the trio impressively completing a double - double alongside Rondo with 13 points and 10 assists. Bradley Beal and Porter Jr. aided the Wizards in the scoring department, as John Wall’s jump shot failed him for a second consecutive game. Beal added 24 points, three rebounds and four assists, while also providing a highlight of his handles after taking advantage of the flat footed Willie Cauley-Stein for a pretty crossover. Most of Porter Jr’s 20 points came in the third quarter, but his shooting was efficient after going 8 - of - 11 from the field. The Wizards out - rebounded and out - assisted the Kings, but even after shooting 48 percent from the field, it was not enough to match the Kings lights out 56 percent shooting as a unit. Both teams will suit up on Friday, as the Kings will host the MIami Heat (43 - 30), while the Wizards visit the Phoenix Suns (20 - 55).
