The Miami Heat defeated the Houston Rockets, 117 - 109, at Toyota Center on Wednesday evening. The Heat (25 - 32) had finally cooled off just slightly after a torrid 13 - game winning streak with two consecutive losses coming in to Wednesday, and the probability of a third straight defeat loomed large considering the quality of their opponent and the hostile venue. However, Miami assured themselves of heading into the All-Star break on a positive note with a spectacular shooting night and consistent effort across all four quarters. The Heat posted a 52 percent success rate from the field, with four members of the first unit managing double digits in the scoring column. Meanwhile, while James Harden did generate 38 - point, 12 - rebound, 12 - assist triple - double that also included a block, the Rockets (40 - 18) saw the other four members of their starting five combine for just 41 points, and Houston shot just 41 percent from the field overall. Hassan Whiteside and Dion Waiters led the way for the Heat with matching 23 - point efforts. Whiteside also hauled in 14 rebounds, dished out one assist, and recorded five blocks, while Waiters added nine rebounds and seven assists. Goran Dragic was right behind his teammates with 21 points, five assists and one rebound. Rodney McGruder supplied 11 points, two assists, one rebound and two steals. Tyler Johnson paced the second unit with 16 points, seven boards and four assists. Ryan Anderson was a distant second behind Harden with 17 points, six rebounds and one assist. Clint Capela was the only other member of the starting five to hit double digits, posting 12 points and two rebounds. Eric Gordon matched Capela's point total and added two rebounds, two assists and one steal in 32 minutes off the bench. Patrick Beverley and Trevor Ariza notably combined for just 12 points, with the former exiting after just 12 minutes with a strained left groin muscle. The Heat resume play after the All-Star break in Atlanta on February 24th when they'll do battle with the Hawks. The Rockets will next take the floor in New Orleans against the Pelicans on Thursday, February 23rd.
