The New York Knicks (28 - 40) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (14 - 53) 90 - 87 on Sunday. The game was largely a tale of two halves, with New York dominating the first two quarters despite missing two starters on offense, and jumping out to a 46 - 35 lead by intermission. However, the Lakers battled back through the final two periods, and the two teams found themselves knotted at 87 with 29 seconds left. Neither club could find a way to break the tie over the ensuing 28 ticks of the clock, with Kobe Bryant failing to hit a 12 - foot jumper for the Lakers after a 19 - second possession. Carmelo Anthony hauled in the defensive rebound off the missed shot, and following a Knicks timeout, Jose Calderon sealed the victory with a clutch 26 - foot three - point jumper with less than a second remaining. Anthony led the way for the Knicks with a 26 - point, 12 - rebound double - double, to which he added four assists and a block. Robin Lopez contributed 16 points, eight boards, two assists and two blocks. Derrick Williams, getting a spot start in place of the sidelined Kristaps Porzingis (illness), filled out the stat sheet with eight points, nine rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block. Calderon finished with nine points, six assists, three rebounds and a steal. The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, and are seven games back of the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons. They continue their West Coast swing with a trip to Golden State to face the Warriors on Wednesday night. Bryant spearheaded a pedestrian Lakers attack, tallying 14 points, two rebounds and a steal. Jordan Clarkson was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit scoring, recording 12 points, three rebounds, two assists and three steals. D'Angelo Russell notably turned in one of his worst efforts as a starter, posting only four points, two rebounds, two assists and a steal over 22 minutes. Lou Williams paced the reserves after a five - game absence, supplying 15 points, five assists, a rebound and a steal. The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They're home again against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday night.
