The Golden State Warriors (28 - 1) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers (19 - 8) 89 - 83 on Friday. The 2015 Finals rematch featuring two of the very best in the NBA turned out to be more of a showcase for both teams' often underrated defenses. Neither squad was able to put on much of an offensive display, and the game had more of the feel of a grind - it - out Eastern Conference battle, rather than the free - wheeling, high - scoring affairs typically played by the reigning champs. The Warriors shot 41 percent from the field and 28 percent from beyond the arc, with both numbers notably lower than their respective 49 and 42 season figures in those categories. Cleveland fared even worse, draining only 32 percent of their buckets overall, including a paltry 17 percent from long range. Both teams' point totals were also season - low tallies, underscoring how formidable both defensive units can be against top - tier competition. The Cavs were led by Lebron James' game - high 25 points, which he supplemented with nine rebounds, two assists, a steal and a pair of blocks. Despite the solid scoring total, the perennial All-Star was one of the superstars struggling with his shot, sinking only 10 of his 26 attempts. J.R. Smith provided 14 points and did so largely on the strength of one of the game's only solid shooting performances from three - point range (4 of 8). Kyrie Irving continued his journey back from the fractured kneecap he suffered the last time he'd faced this Warriors squad in the 2015 Finals, playing a season - high 26 minutes and managing 13 points, three rebounds, two assists and a steal. Kevin Love helped spearhead Cleveland's outstanding team total of 55 rebounds on the evening by hauling in 18 boards, and pairing them with 10 points in his second straight double - double. Matthew Delladedova paced the Cavaliers' bench with 10 points over 31 minutes. Cleveland fell to 19 - 8 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. The next stop on their West Coast road trip comes on Saturday in Portland, with a showdown with the Trail Blazers on tap. Golden State's offensive attack was paced by Draymond Green, who turned in another one of his trademark stat - sheet - stuffing performances. The 25 - year - old posted his fourth double - double in the last six contests with 22 points, 15 rebounds, seven assists and a pair of blocks over 39 minutes. Green was one of the few players on either team to put together a solid shooting effort, managing a 47 percent success rate from the field, including draining two of his three attempts from three - point range. Stephen Curry followed up his season - low tally of 16 points against Utah on Wednesday by equaling his second - lowest total of 19 points on 6 of 15 shooting. However, the reigning MVP did add seven rebounds, seven assists and a pair of steals. The perpetually dependable Klay Thompson was exemplary once again in his typical supporting role, pitching in with 18 points, six rebounds, an assist and a block. Shaun Livingston was highly productive off the bench with a season - high 16 points, leading the Warriors' reserves. Golden State improved to 28 - 1 and continues to sport the best record in the Pacific Division, Western Conference and the entire NBA. They remain home for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Monday.
