The Cleveland Cavaliers (22 - 9) defeated the Orlando Magic (19 - 15) 104 - 79 on Saturday. The Cavaliers came into the contest tied with the Heat as the stingiest Eastern Conference team in terms of points allowed, yielding only 95 per game. They further cemented their reputation with a suffocation of the Magic's offense, preventing their starting five from producing a single double - digit scorer. The Cavs made life miserable for Orlando shooting - wise, as the visitors could only muster a 38 percent success rate from the field, and 24 percent figure from beyond the arc. On the offensive end, Cleveland also took excellent care of the ball, committing only six turnovers in contrast to the 14 they forced from the Magic. Orlando was actually led by Aaron Gordon's 11 points off the bench, which he complemented with seven rebounds and a pair of assists. A pair of 10 - point tallies from Shabazz Napier and Mario Hezonja, who were also in reserve roles, served as the next highest totals. The former added four rebounds, an assist and a steal, while the latter contributed six boards and three assists. Evan Fournier's nine points paced the starting five, a group that bottomed out with a scoreless effort from Elfrid Payton over 16 minutes. The Magic dropped to 19 - 15 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They next head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Monday night. LeBron James led the charge for the home team, totaling 29 points, five rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals. Kyrie Irving played a highly efficient 21 minutes while serving as the second - highest scorer on the night, pouring in 13 points and adding five assists and a pair of rebounds. The frontcourt tandem of Tristan Thompson and Kevin Love put together a pair of 10 - point double - doubles that were supplemented with 12 and 13 boards, respectively. James Jones came off the bench to pace the Cleveland reserves with 10 points, three rebounds and an assist. The Cavaliers improved to 22 - 9 and remain atop the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They are home again on Monday to take on the Toronto Raptors.
