The Oklahoma City Thunder (36 - 13) defeated the Houston Rockets (25 - 24) 116 - 108 on Friday. The showdown between two of the most high - powered offenses in the Western Conference lived up to its billing, with the respective stars on both teams playing an integral part in lighting up the scoreboard. The Rockets held a 58 - 55 lead at intermission, and were scoring with relative ease throughout the first two quarters. However, the Thunder made a concerted effort to clamp down in the second half, a strategy that was largely effective as evidenced by the 38 and 23 percent tallies from the field and three - point range, respectively, that the visitors finished with. The home team also played much more efficiently around the basket, outrebounding Houston 57 to 40 and outscoring them in the paint, 58 - 50. Even after Houston's 80 run cut the Thunder lead to 112 - 106 with 1:20 remaining, Oklahoma City insured that matters would end there by pressing James Harden on his last - gasp, 14 - foot step - back jump shot with 17 seconds remaining and grabbing the subsequent rebound. The Rockets were led by Harden's 33 points, seven rebounds, seven assists, two steals and a block. Corey Brewer was next, registering 17 points, two rebounds, an assist and a block. Although the remaining three starters could only tally single - digit point totals, they made important contributions across the stat sheet. Trevor Ariza managed eight points, six rebounds, five assists, five steals and a block. Dwight Howard tallied eight points and eight rebounds, along with an assist and a pair of steals. However, he was only four of 15 from the free - throw line, and was ejected after amassing two technicals. Patrick Beverley contributed nine points, five rebounds, three assists, four steals and a block to round things out for the starting five, while Clint Capela paced the Houston bench with 12 points, three rebounds and a block. Despite the loss, the Rockets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head home to face the Wizards on Saturday. The Thunder received a pair of outstanding performances from the dynamic duo of Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant. Durant led the team with 33 points, and added 12 rebounds, three assists, a steal and a block. He also had played some solid defense in the second half to help lead the comeback. Westbrook chimed in with a triple - double, amassing 26 points, 14 assists, 10 rebounds, a steal and a block. Enes Kanter was highly efficient off the bench, amassing 22 points, 10 boards, a pair of steals and a block. He notably tallied 12 of his points in the final period, and hauled in the aforementioned final rebound off Harden's miss. Dion Waiters was the only other Thunder player, starter or reserve, to manage double - digit scoring. He collected 16 points and added two rebounds and a steal. The Thunder remain atop the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They face off with the Wizards at home on Monday.
