The Los Angeles Clippers (51 - 26) defeated the Denver Nuggets (28 - 49), 107 - 92. Ty Lawson was scratched prior to tip with a sore right forearm and Danilo Gallinari rested the second night of a back - to - back. Coach Doc Rivers didn’t remove his starters until the three - minute mark of the fourth quarter. Each member of the starting unit scored in double figures. The win pulled the Clippers to within a game of the three seed Memphis Grizzlies and half a game ahead of the six seed San Antonio Spurs. Defensive Player of the Year candidate DeAndre Jordan finished with 14 points, 22 rebounds, three blocks and two assists in 34 minutes. However, his 3 - of - 6 shooting dropped his yearly average to 70 percent from the field. He still leads the league in rebounding. Matt Barnes converted 2 - of - 10 three - pointers and J.J. Redick was slightly better at 4 - of - 10 from distance. Chris Paul, aspiring Most Valuable Player, contributed 23 points, nine assists, five rebounds, two steals, four three - pointers and just one turnover. He leads the league in assists and assist - to - turnover ratio. The Nuggets fell behind 24 - 6 in the first seven minutes and never recovered. J.J. Hickson started in Gallinari’s absence, tallying seven points and six rebounds in 24 minutes. Jameer Nelson started the game at point guard but injured his hip and left before halftime. Erick Green replaced Nelson in the second half starting lineup and scored 11 points. Wilson Chandler scored a team - high 17 points on 15 shots in 34 minutes and Randy Foye registered the team’s only block. Neophytes Jusuf Nurkic and Will Barton each shot 3 - of - 9 from the field and combined for 19 points. Kenneth Faried recorded three assists for the first time since March 1st, supplemented by 10 points and 14 rebounds in 34 minutes. The Clippers technically play a road game when they face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday, concluding a three - game road trip before they turn around and host the Lakers two days later. The Nuggets have three days off before hosting the Lakers, the second game of a four - game homestand.
