The Atlanta Hawks (1 - 1) defeated the Washington Wizards (1 - 1) 106 - 90 on Tuesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta. After suffering a tough 104 - 98 defeat to the Wizards in game number one, the Hawks started this outing with some added fire and out - scored the Wizards 28 - 20 right away in the first quarter. Throughout the rest of the game, the Wizards slowly made their way back though, closing the gap to just five points with around four minutes left in the game. The Hawks made one final push and responded with a strong offensive run of their own, eventually finishing with an impressive 16 - point victory in front of their home crowd. With the victory, the Hawks tied the series at one win apiece and they'll have the momentum going into game three in Washington. The Wizards shot 43 percent from the field and 55 percent from the three - point line, but with John Wall sitting out due to a wrist injury, they were missing their most important weapon. While it was n't surprising the Wizards could n't overcome the loss of Wall, his replacement, Ramon Sessions, still had a solid showing as a starter. He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a playoff career - high of 21 points, while also adding four assists. While he played well, he still did n't have the playmaking ability that Wall is known for, so it was n't enough to propel the Wizards to a win. Bradley Beal was another reason the Wizards were able to come back after a weak first quarter. Beal finished with 20 points (8 - 22 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 3 FT), five rebounds and seven assists over 43 minutes. Beal has now combined for 48 points, eight assists and four steals over the first two games of this series, so he's been very effective and should continue as the Wizards head back home to Washington. Both Paul Pierce and Otto Porter reached double figures in points as well. Pierce recorded 15 points (5 - 10 FG, 5 - 8 3Pt) and five rebounds, while Porter chipped in with 15 points (6 - 12 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT), eight rebounds and five assists off the bench. If Porter can continue to play this well off the bench, he'll only make this Wizards' team even more dangerous once Wall returns. The winner of this game of course was the Hawks though, as their frontcourt was dominant. The trio of DeMarre Carroll, Paul Millsap and Al Horford all helped the Hawks' starting frontcourt to out - score the Wizards' frontcourt 58 - 27. Carroll led the team, finishing with 22 points (9 - 16 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT), six rebounds and four assists. He continues to be a surprise for the Hawks considering how consistent he's been throughout the playoffs. He's now posted six straight games with 20 or more points and is averaging 19 points over eight outings this postseason. He only averaged 13 points during the regular season, so he's really elevated his play. Millsap and Horford contributed with 18 points a piece. Millsap added 11 rebounds and four steals, while Horford had six assists and three steals. While not something they're usually known for, the combined steals from both Horford and Millsap helped force the Wizards into sixteen turnovers, while the Hawks committed just 10 of their own. Coming off the bench, Kent Bazemore went a perfect 3 - for - 3 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 10 points over 17 minutes. These two teams will play next on Saturday in Washington for game number three of this best - of - seven series.
