The San Antonio Spurs (39 - 7) throttled the Houston Rockets (25 - 23) 130 - 99 on Wednesday night. San Antonio was clearly angry after their 30 - point loss on Monday to the Golden State Warriors and they let out their frustrations on the Rockets here. This was a thorough domination, as they won each of the first three quarters by at least six points and carried a 20 - point lead into half and a 29 - point lead into the fourth quarter. The Spurs shot 56 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range in another shooting exhibition. That successful shooting can be credited to the assist margin, as San Antonio dished out 34 assists to Houston's 14. The Rockets were 9 - 3 over their last 12 games, but this is a different animal against the Spurs. Not only did they allow the Spurs to shoot nearly 60 percent from the field, they only made 38 percent of their shots. The only notable line was a 20 - point outing from James Harden, but he still committed five turnovers and only dished out two assists in a down game. Dwight Howard did return here after a three - game absence, as he fell just shy of a double - double in 23 minutes of play. No other player on the roster scored more than 11 points besides those two and the hack - a - Caplea strategy on Clint Capela became a huge issue as well, as he went just 3 - for - 10 from the free - throw line. It doesn’t get much easier in Houston's next game either, as they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on the road on Friday. Although the Spurs last loss cracked a 13 - game winning streak, this win extended their home winning streak to an incredible 25 games. What's most impressive about their home form is that they are defeating teams by nearly 20 points a game on average. Tonight was LaMarcus Aldridge's night, as he tallied 25 points, 10 rebounds and five assists in the victory. Danny Green and Kawhi Leonard also played well, as they scored 18 points a piece. Even though Tim Duncan didn’t play, the other four starters stepped up by combining for 76 points in just three quarters of action. Up next for San Antonio is a fantastic game against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday.
