The Cleveland Cavaliers (30) defeated the Boston Celtics (0 - 3), 103 - 95, Thursday at the TD Garden to take a 30 lead in their series. Boston looked to change its fortunes in Game 3 on its home court after dropping the first two games of the series in Cleveland. The Celtics hung close throughout the game and when Evan Turner, who had his best game of the series, hit a three to cut the Cavaliers' lead to three with 2:45 remaining, it looked as though tide was turning in Boston's favor. Cleveland extinguished that momentum almost immediately as Kevin Love drained a corner three on the next possession to put the Cavaliers back up by six. Love had his best game of the postseason with 23 points and nine rebounds, including two big - time three pointers in the fourth quarter. Boston will look to avoid the sweep on Sunday when it hosts Cleveland for Game 4. Cleveland not only had a big night from Kevin Love, but also a classic playoff performance from LeBron James. The superstar James finished with 31 points, 11 rebounds, four steals, and two blocks to lead the Cavaliers. One of the unsung heroes for Cleveland was reserve forward Tristan Thompson, who had 12 points and seven rebounds over 28 minutes off the bench. Thompson's five offensive rebounds allowed Cleveland to retain possession at key moments down the stretch to let the Cavaliers to run out the clock. The Cavaliers will look to finish out the series Sunday in Boston. Boston's ability to hang close with Cleveland was made all the more impressive by the fact that it's best scorer, Isaiah Thomas, was a non - factor for most of the game. Thomas, who had scored 22 points in each of Boston's first two games of the postseason, was held to just five points on 2 - of - 9 shooting. To offset Thomas' quiet night off the bench, Jae Crowder made a lot of noise in his 31 minutes on the floor. Crowder was all over the court, forcing jump balls, nabbing two steals, and blocking four shots to go with seven rebounds and 16 points. The Celtics will need a similar performance from Crowder in Game 4, as well as a bigger outing from Thomas, in order to extend the series on Sunday.
