The Rockets (15 - 4) extended their winning streak to three games, knocking off the Timberwolves (4 - 14) 114 - 112 in Minneapolis on Friday. Houston, still without Dwight Howard (knee), squandered a 13 - point fourth - quarter lead, as Corey Brewer and Zach LaVine scored 12 straight points to bring Minnesota within two with less than three minutes to play. Baskets by Thaddeus Young and Andrew Wiggins put the Wolves up by two, but James Harden responded with a pair of free throws on the other end to tie the game. Minnesota held a four - point advantage with 48 seconds to play, but a Donatas Motiejunas jumper brought Houston back to within two, and two Motiejunas free throws 30 seconds later knotted the game at 105. With 15 seconds remaining, the Wolves had a chance to go ahead, but a Chase Budinger 21 - footer bounced off the rim as time expired. Playing without Harden, who fouled out near the end of the fourth quarter, in the overtime period, Houston turned to veteran Jason Terry, whose three - pointer and two free throws gave the Rockets a 112 - 110 advantage with 25 seconds remaining. Young tied the game on the ensuing Minnesota possession, but rookie Nick Johnson responded with a driving layup with less than two seconds remaining to give the Rockets the victory. Johnson finished with six points on 1 - of - 5 shooting on the night. Harden led the way for Houston, pouring in 38 points to go with six assists and eight turnovers. Harden converted 11 - of - 17 field goals and 13 - of - 14 free throw attempts. Terry added 19 points, while Trevor Ariza had 17 points and nine rebounds in 44 minutes. The Wolves, who have dropped four straight, placed seven players in double - figures, led by Shabazz Muhammad’s 20 points off the bench. LaVine added 17 points, and Young contributed 19 to go with five boards. Gorgui Dieng had 15 points and six boards before fouling out in 31 minutes. Up next, Minnesota travels to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Saturday. Houston plays host to the Suns, also on Saturday.
