The Los Angeles Clippers (15 - 5) defeated the Phoenix Suns (12 - 10) 121 - 120 on Monday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. With the game tied at the end of the fourth quarter, Chris Paul was chosen to take the final shot. He barely got the shot off, but it did n't matter, as Eric Bledsoe got a hand on it, therefore pushing the game to overtime. Although they were n't able to seal the win at the end of regulation, the Clippers still got the last laugh, as Blake Griffin capped off his spectacular night with a three - point dagger at the buzzer. Griffin was a force tonight, as he went 14 - for - 24 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a season - high of 45 points. He was able to get to the free throw line at will, and finished the game making 15 - of - 17. He's now combined for 75 points in the last two games and is on a scoring tear. Griffin did have some help though. Chris Paul scored 20 points (8 - 23 FG, 1 - 9 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), while also recording 10 assists. It marked his third double - double in a row and eleventh on the year. DeAndre Jordan also recorded a double - double of his own, with 10 points and 14 rebounds. It was the fifteenth time in his last sixteen games that he's recorded at least 11 rebounds. J.J. Redick chipped in 17 points as well. For the Suns, Eric Bledsoe exploded for a monster line Monday. He shot 8 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from beyond the arc to score 27 points, while also adding 16 assists, 11 rebounds and two blocks. Bledsoe was able to convert on a perfect 9 - of - 9 from the free throw line as well. The points, assists and rebounds were all season - highs for Bledsoe, who notched his first triple - double of the year. He has been on fire offensively of late, so we'll see if he can continue with that type of production. Both Markief Morris and Goran Dragic also had big games, with Morris contributing 21 points and seven rebounds, and Dragic having 17 points and eight assists. Their was a nice bench presence as well, with Alex Len, Gerald Green and Marcus Morris all reaching double figures in points. The Suns' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Tuesday, while the Clippers will travel to Indiana to play the Pacers on Wednesday.
