The Los Angeles Lakers (8 - 27) defeated the Phoenix Suns (12 - 25) 97 - 77 on Sunday. The Lakers have largely suffered through a miserable 2015 - 16 campaign so far, with Kobe Bryant's league - wide retirement tour and the positive vibes it's generated serving as their primary source of pride and optimism. However, Los Angeles has slowly begun showing signs of life in recent games, with their mix of young and veteran pieces starting to gel. With Sunday's dominating victory, a game in which they led by as much as 30 at one point, the Lakers have now won a season - high three straight games. It's their first such streak since last February, and while not a notable winning stretch for most other teams in the NBA, it could certainly be an indicator of a progressively improving squad. Phoenix continues to struggle on offense without Eric Bledsoe, who is out for the season after knee surgery. Backcourt mate Brandon Knight is certainly doing his best to hold down the fort, and led the Suns in scoring Sunday with 25 points and nine assists. It was his second consecutive 20 - point - plus effort, and he's now put up a robust 62 shot attempts over the last three games, a tangible indicator of the offensive responsibility the five - year pro is shouldering. Unfortunately for both Phoenix and Knight, Bledsoe's replacement, rookie Devin Booker, was the only other starter who posted double - digit scoring, managing 10 points and adding four rebounds, an assist and a steal. Mirza Teletovic paced the reserves with 16 points, eight rebounds and an assist, his third straight game with double - digit points. Tyson Chandler (two points), Jon Leuer (four points) and P.J. Tucker (five points) led a parade of underwhelming offensive efforts for the Suns, who also were hampered by a shockingly scoreless outing from T.J. Warren over 21 minutes off the bench. Phoenix fell to 12 - 25 and continues in fourth place in the Westen Conference's Pacific Division. They head home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday. The home team was spearheaded by an explosive performance from two - guard Louis Williams, who collected a season - high 30 points and also equaled a season best by hauling in seven rebounds. The veteran drained a season - best six three - pointers as well, managing his best shooting night from long range on the season (86 percent). Larry Nance, Jr. posted an impressive double - double in support of Williams' effort, posting 15 points and 14 boards. Roy Hibbert (13 points) and Jordan Clarkson (12 points) were the other starters to also reach double - digit scoring, and the pair also stuffed the stat sheet in other categories. The former added six rebounds, three assists and three blocks, while the latter supplemented his points with seven assists, five rebounds, three steals and a block. Brandon Bass led the Los Angeles bench with an eight - point outing. The Lakers improved to 8 - 27 but remain in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They'll be home again on Tuesday for a date with the reigning NBA champion Golden State Warriors.
