The Chicago Bulls (25 - 10) fended off the Houston Rockets (23 - 11), 114 - 105, at the United Center on Monday evening. Entering the fourth quarter with a six - point deficit facing them, the Bulls whittled away at the Rockets' lead and finally knotted up the score at 100 with just under three minutes remaining. Thereafter, Chicago received scoring contributions from six different players, but their push in the final period was ultimately powered by rookie Nikola Mirotic and Jimmy Butler, who spearheaded a 31 - point explosion with a combined 17 points, nine rebounds, and three three - pointers. In the end, a Bulls squad without Mike Dunleavy (ankle) achieved its third victory in a row, and 10th in 11 contests, on the backs of a complete team effort led by Pau Gasol's 27 points and 14 rebounds. Meanwhile, Derrick Rose toughed out a right hip contusion en route to 19 points and nine assists in 34 minutes. By the final horn, the Bulls had accumulated a whopping 12 blocks, 10 steals, and 30 free - throw attempts, of which they knocked down 27. On the other side, the Rockets fell to 3 - 4 with newcomer Josh Smith, despite his team - high 21 points on 10 - of - 20 from the field. While Dwight Howard posted a customary, but underwhelming double - double (12 points and 14 boards), James Harden was perhaps the primary reason for Houston's downfall, missing all three field goal attempts and committing three fouls, including a charge for one of his two turnovers in the fourth quarter. Harden still managed a stat - laden line, recording 20 points, three assists, two rebounds, two blocks, and one steal in 38 minutes, and backcourt mate Patrick Beverley aided the Rockets' effort further with 14 points, six assists, and six rebounds. However, knocking down only 8 - for - 25 from three - point range did n't do them any favors in the loss. Houston will continue their three - game road swing Wednesday in Cleveland, while the Bulls remain home for Wednesday's outing against the Jazz.
