The Toronto Raptors (9 - 6) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers (6 - 7) 91 - 80 on Sunday. Throughout a difficult start to the season that has included multi - game injuries to starters Chris Paul and J.J. Redick, the Clippers have been able to lean on Blake Griffin as a dependable source of outstanding production. Sunday, even Griffin succumbed to the malaise that currently seems to surround Los Angeles, mustering a season - low nine points, along with six rebounds, four assists and a pair of steals. He also turned the ball over a season - high six times in a forgettable performance versus a Raptors defense that had been vulernable to opposing power forwards coming into the game. Toronto enjoyed impressive contributions from every starter, with DeMarre Carroll and DeMar DeRozan leading the way with a pair of 21 - point efforts. Kyle Lowry pitched in with his second double - double of the season (13 points, 10 assists), while veteran power forward Luis Scola continued a resurgent age - 35 season with 20 points and eight rebounds. It was the second outing with 20 or more points for Scola in his last three contests. Meanwhile, Bismack Biyombo posted six points and a season - best 14 rebounds in a season - high 31 minutes of playing time. Toronto improved to 9 - 6 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head home for a date with the Cavaliers on Wednesday. The Clippers received rather pedestrian offensive efforts from other starters besides Griffin as well. Redick managed a team - high 17 points in his second game back from a back injury, while Paul and DeAndre Jordan pitched in with solid but relatively modest double - double performances. Paul poured in 13 points and dished out 11 assists, while Jordan posted 13 points and hauled in 15 boards. Paul Pierce received a start at small forward but could only muster a paltry two points and one rebound in 19 minutes on the floor. Jamal Crawford and Wesley Johnson paced the Clippers' bench with a pair of eight - point efforts. Los Angeles dropped to 6 - 7 and reside in third place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head to Denver for a showdown with the Nuggets on Tuesday.
