The Atlanta Hawks (20 - 7) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (20 - 9) 105 - 102 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. Following the end of the third quarter, the Hawks had out - scored the Mavericks 82 - 63, but the Mavericks came out in the fourth on fire and were able to out - score the Hawks 39 - 23. Despite a huge late game effort, the Mavericks just did n't have enough left in the tank to finish the comeback and suffered a tough three - point loss in front of their home fans. The Hawks received a huge effort from their starting five in this one, with all reaching double - digits in points. Dennis Schroder led the team with 22 points and six assists, going 9 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from the free throw line. It was a season - high in points for him, as he's only averaging 9 points per game on the year. Kyle Korver also found success with his shot, going 4 - for - 8 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from beyond the arc to score 18 points. He was able to get to the free throw line eight times, and converted on seven of those eight attempts. Recording his sixth double - double of the season, Paul Millsap recorded 13 points and 12 rebounds. He's now averaging 16 points and 8 rebounds on the year. DeMarre Carroll and Al Horford contributed 15 and 17 points respectively, helping edge the Hawks to a victory. The Mavericks were led by Monta Ellis, who shot 8 - for - 22 from the field, but only 1 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 18 points. Coming off a 38 - point performance on Saturday, Ellis did n't shoot quite as well, but he still continues to get off nearly 20 shots every game. Dirk Nowitzki had 16 points (6 - 13 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) of his own, while also chipping in with six rebounds. He's now averaging 19 points and 6 rebounds on the season. In only his second game of the season with the Mavericks, Rajon Rondo notched his first double - double with his new team, recording 13 points and 11 assists. He should get plenty of opportunities for assists with so many more offensive weapons along side of him. Tyson Chandler had a huge night on the boards, as he recorded 19 rebounds to go along with eight points. The Hawks' next game will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday, while the Mavericks will travel to Phoenix to play the Suns on Tuesday.
