The Brooklyn Nets (7 - 9) defeated the New York Knicks (4 - 15) 98 - 93 on Tuesday at Madison Square Garden in New York. Despite being out - scored 29 - 21 in the final quarter, the Nets were able to hold on to a five - point victory and push the Knicks losing streak to five straight games. Brooklyn was able to secure a 49 - 40 rebound advantage in this one, as the Knicks could n't handle the Nets' bigs. Brook Lopez led all scorers Tuesday. He scored 23 points (10 - 20 FG, 3 - 4 FT) and grabbed eight rebounds, pushing his season averages to 15 points and 5 rebounds per game. Joe Johnson stuffed the stat sheet as well. He finished with 22 points, eight rebounds, six assists and three steals. Johnson was able to go a perfect 7 - of - 7 from the free throw line, as he led the team in attempts. The third starter to reach double figures was Deron Williams. Williams shot 6 - for - 12 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 19 points. He had a brutal game shooting the ball against the Bulls on Sunday, so it was good to see him have a bounce back game. Coming off the bench, Mason Plumlee chipped in 10 points and eight rebounds. Carmelo Anthony had a tough day from the field. He shot 7 - for - 22 from the floor and a dismal 1 - for - 7 from beyond the arc to score 20 points. He also tied a season - high with nine reobounds, while chipping in six assists. Jose Calderon on the other hand caught on fire a bit in this one. He shot 7 - for - 9 from the field and 5 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 19 points, while also recording seven assists. It was only the second time he's reached double figures in points, although he's only participated in six games this year. Amare Stoudemire was moved into the starting lineup, and had a solid all - around game. He scored 17 points and grabbed nine rebounds in 37 minutes on the floor. The Knicks bench did n't give them much of a boost. The Nets' next game will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday, while the Knicks will play at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.
