The Washington Wizards defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 109 - 106, at Verizon Center on Wednesday. The back - and - forth tussle between two relatively evenly - matched teams was undecided until the closing seconds, as both teams made respective strong pushes in the second half. The Hornets (14 - 12) had built a 54 - 49 lead by halftime, but the Wizards (10 - 14) stormed back in the third, winning the period by a 38 - 23 margin. Charlotte had their own resurgence in the final quarter, outscoring their hosts by 29 - 22 but still falling short, with a John Wall free throw in the waning seconds providing the final margin of victory. Both clubs saw their starting fives post very productive nights, with each team shooting over 51 percent overall. The Hornets were led by Nicolas Batum, who tallied 20 points, eight assists, five rebounds, two steals and a block. Cody Zeller enjoyed a strong night at center, collecting 18 points, two rebounds, an assist and a pair of blocks. Kemba Walker came within a shade of a double - double with 17 points, nine assists and six rebounds. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist contributed 11 points, three rebounds, a steal and a block. Marco Belinelli led the second unit with 16 points, a rebound and an assist, and Frank Kaminsky also contributed 10 points in a reserve role. The Wizards received a 25 - point, 10 - assist double - double from John Wall that also included six rebounds and an outstanding seven steals, although he also turned the ball over eight times himself. Backcourt mate Bradley Beal was close behind with 20 points, nine assists and four rebounds. Marcin Gortat turned in a 16 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also featured two assists, two steals and a block. Kelly Oubre, Jr. supplied 15 points, six rebounds, an assist and two steals while drawing a start for the ailing Markieff Morris (foot), while Otto Porter totaled 10 points, five rebounds, two assists, two blocks and a steal. Jason Smith came off the bench to produce 12 points, seven rebounds, two assists and three steals in just 18 minutes. The Hornets continue on the road and face the Celtics in Boston on Friday night, while the Wizards remain home and await the Detroit Pistons for a showdown on Friday evening.
