The Washington Wizards (15 - 16) defeated the Orlando Magic (19 - 14) 103 - 91 on Friday. The Wizards have been more reliant than ever on All-Star point guard John Wall over the last three - plus weeks while Bradley Beal has been sidelined with his lower leg injury, and he has largely responded in fine form. While veteran Garrett Temple has generally done a solid job in Beal's stead, he has considerably cooled off since a three - game stretch in mid - to - late December where he tallied over 20 points in each contest. It was Wall's turn to save the day again Friday, as he led Washington to a 31 - 19 fourth quarter that allowed them to pull away from the pesky Magic. The 25 - year - old impressively tallied 12 points and five assists in the final period to spearhead the Wizards' offensive attack and secure the victory. Orlando's leading scorer was a pleasant surprise in a couple of ways, considering he played a reserve role and had been hunting for a breakout game for some time. Victor Oladipo served as the Magic's top gun Friday, collecting 20 points and adding five assists, a rebound and four steals over 31 minutes. It was notably the 23 - year - old's first 20 - point - plus effort since Dec. 5 against the Clippers, a stretch of 12 games prior to tonight. Nikola Vucevic led the starters with 14 points and seven rebounds, but slowed down after a relatively fast start against the tough defense of Marcin Gortat. Tobias Harris did manage a double - double with 13 points and 10 rebounds, and Evan Fournier somewhat underwhelmed with a sluggish 11 - point, three - assist, two - rebound outing. Elfrid Payton (three points, seven assists, a rebound and a steal) and Channing Frye (four points, six rebounds, two assists) simply could n't get anything significant going to help Orlando's cause. The Magic dropped to 19 - 14 and momentarily reside in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, a position that could drop down one slot should the Miami Heat defeat the Mavericks later in the evening. Orlando heads to Cleveland for a showdown with the Cavaliers on Saturday. Wall led Washington with an overall tally of 24 points, 13 assists, two rebounds, a pair of steals and a block. It was remarkably his eighth straight double - double and 11th in the last 12 contests. Otto Porter, Jr. contributed double - digit points and rebounds as well, managing 20 points and 11 rebounds, and adding three assists, four steals and a block, his third straight 20 - point - plus outing. Gortat joined the double - double parade with 10 points and 14 rebounds, while Temple pitched in with 11 points and three assists. Ramon Sessions and Kris Humphries paced the Wizards' bench with 13 and 11 points, respectively. The Wizards improved to 15 - 16 but are still entrenched in last place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Sunday.
