The Golden State Warriors (120) defeated the Toronto Raptors (7 - 5) 115 - 110 on Tuesday. In a matchup of two of the best defenses in basketball, this was a high - scoring game. What may have ultimately killed the Raptors was a nine - minute stretch in the fourth quarter where they failed to make a basket. That stat is a bit flukey though, considering the Raptors got to the free - throw line time after time in the final 12 minutes. This Toronto team has struggled with assists all season long and that may have been the difference here, as the Warriors out - assisted the Raptors 31 - 18. The win makes the Warriors the 17th team in NBA history to start 120 to start a season. The Warriors were once again led by Steph Curry, who tallied 37 points and nine assists in the win. He did however commit a season - high seven turnovers, but that's a sign of him being more aggressive and getting that assist total up after its been down all year. The Warriors also got a 19 - point first half from Klay Thompson, but he failed to score a point in the second half. Golden State shot an impressive 54 percent from the field, but did commit 20 turnovers in the win. It was n't the Warriors cleanest performance, but a win is a win. They'll look to stay undefeated when they play the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday in a big rivalry game. The Raptors left it all on the floor against the defending champs, but just couldn’t pull it out late. Ten of Toronto's 22 fourth quarter points came from the free - throw line and they simply didn’t make enough shots down the stretch to get the win in this game. They were once again led by their guards though, as DeMar DeRozan, Kyle Lowry and Cory Joseph all had nice games. The three actually combined for 69 points, 16 rebounds, 15 assists and four steals in the loss. Toronto also got six steals from DeMarre Carroll, who continued to read Steph Curry's passes all evening long. The Raptors have now lost five of their last seven games with the only two wins coming against the Philadelphia 76ers and New Orleans Pelicans, who have a combined 1 - 21 record. They'll have a tough task on Wednesday, as they have to travel to Utah to take on the defensively - sound Jazz in the second half of a back - to - back set.
