The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder, 107 - 91, at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday. The Cavaliers (32 - 14) came in to Sunday's contest badly in need for a convincing victory against a quality opponent, as they'd lost six of their last nine games, and had struggled to put away a significantly short - handed Brooklyn Nets squad until the fourth quarter on Friday. Things did n't seem to exactly be pointing in the right direction early on Sunday, as Kevin Love was forced from the game after 12 minutes with back spasms. The Thunder (28 - 20) also held a 24 - 21 lead after one quarter, but LeBron James and Kyrie Irving turned things up a notch during the second period. Cleveland outscore OKC by a 37 - 21 margin over that span, building 58 - 45 lead heading into halftime. Tristan Thompson and Iman Shumpert also turned in outstanding supporting efforts in the win, and the Cavs managed to hold their visitors to 37 percent shooting from the field, and a 23 percent success rate from three - point range. Russell Westbrook did manage to record yet another triple - double, but was "contained 'to a manageable 20 points, 12 rebounds, 10 assists, one steal and one block, shooting just 7 - of - 26 from the field. Victor Oladipo did n't fare much better, posting 17 points (on 6 - of - 18 shooting), seven boards and four assists. Domantas Sabonis provided 12 points and five rebounds. Steven Adams tallied seven points but also hauled in 10 boards, along with one assist and one block. Joffrey Lauvergne led the bench with 13 points, six rebounds and one assist. Irving paced Cleveland with 29 points, 10 assists, three rebounds and one steal. James supplied 25 points, 14 boards, eight assists and one steal. Thompson contributed a 19 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included one assist, four steals and four blocks. Reggie Jefferson led the second unit with eight points, four rebounds and one steal. The Thunder have another tough matchup on tap, as they now head to San Antonio to tangle with the Spurs on Tuesday evening. Meanwhile, the Cavs head to Dallas to face off with the Mavericks on Monday night.
