The Miami Heat (27 - 21) defeated the visiting Atlanta Hawks (27 - 22) 105 - 87, Sunday night at American Airlines Arena. The division - rival Heat and Hawks came into this game neck - and - neck in the Eastern Conference standings. With this win Miami overtakes Atlanta for fourth in the standings and also as Southwest Division leader. Both teams saw their streaks extended with this result. Miami has now won a season - high four straight, while Atlanta has dropped three. The Hawks are 2 - 19 when held under 97 points and have struggled lately, winning only one of their last six games. Miami got out to a great start, shooting 52 percent from the field in the first half. They led by 13 at halftime and stayed on top for the remainder of the contest. Chris Bosh led Miami in scoring with 18 points (6 - 14 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT), along with seven rebounds and two assists, in 33 minutes. Dwyane Wade tallied 17 points (5 - 12 FG, 7 - 8 FT), eight assists and four rebounds, in 28 minutes. Amar'e Stoudemire started in place of Hassan Whiteside, who missed his sixth game with a sore hip. Stoudemire was solid with 13 points (5 - 8 FG, 3 - 4 FT), 12 rebounds and three steals, in 21 minutes. The Hawks struggled shooting in the first half, hitting only 28 percent from the field. They improved slightly the rest of the way, hitting 38 percent in the game. Paul Millsap was in action after being questionable due to a sore ankle. Millsap led the Hawks in scoring along with Al Horford, as they both tallied 17 points. Millsap added five rebounds, two steals and one assist, while Horford added four rebounds, two assists, two blocked shots and one steal. Jeff Teague struggled from the field, hitting only 3 - 11 and 0 - 5 from long range. Teague finished with 15 points, six assists, two steals and one block, before fouling out with four minutes left in the game. The Hawks will be right back in action on Monday, when they host the Dallas Mavericks. The Hawks will be looking to snap a three - game losing streak. The Heat will have a day off before initiating a three - game road trip with a match in Houston on Tuesday.
