The Brooklyn Nets (20 - 51) defeated the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers (51 - 21) 104 - 95, Thursday evening at Barclays Center. The Nets hit the Cavaliers with a big wake - up call, sending them packing with a loss. Brooklyn came out tough from the start and led 59 - 49 at halftime, however Cleveland responded with a big third quarter and took a three - point lead into the fourth. The Nets were relentless as they battled back in the fourth, beginning with 10 points in the first four minutes, including eight from Rondae Hollis-Jefferson. Cleveland still managed to get up by two with six minutes left, but that is when the Nets went on a 14 - to - 3 run to end the game and upset the top team in the East. This result snaps a three - game losing streak for the Nets and a two game winning streak by the Cavs. The clubs have one more meeting before the end of the season, with the season - series at 2 - 1 for Cleveland. Five players scored in double digits for Brooklyn, while all six remaining players to hit the floor also contributed significantly on the scorecard, making this a true team - effort. Brook Lopez led the way with 22 points, seven rebounds and five assists, in 31 minutes, while Shane Larkin also came up large, with 16 points, seven assists and three rebounds, in 31 minutes. The Nets assisted on 28 of their 41 field goals while their defense held the Cavs to only 44 percent from the field, 26 percent from long range and forced Cleveland into 15 turnovers. LeBron James had a very solid outing, with 30 points (13 - 16 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), six rebounds, five assists and one steal, in 35 minutes of action, but it was not enough to get his team over the hump in this one. Only two other players scored in double digits other than LeBron, including Kyrie Irving, who shot 6 - 22, on his way to 13 points, and Kevin Love, who shot 5 - 14, for 11 points. The Cavs team, other than LeBron, was not able to get in any kind of offensive groove as they were stifled in Brooklyn. Next, the Cavs will play in New York, against the Knicks on Saturday. The Nets host the Pacers on Saturday.
