The Golden State Warriors (64 - 7) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers (43 - 27) 114 - 98 on Wednesday. The Warriors came in to Wednesday's division tilt looking to get their MVP point guard back on track. Stephen Curry was coming off two lackluster performances from the field, which had led to his first pair of consecutive sub - 20 point performances this season. He reverted back to his usual form Wednesday, against one of the toughest individual matchups in the league for point guards to boot. Curry tallied 33 points, five assists, four rebounds and three steals while often matched up against Chris Paul. He also managed to drain 12 of his 23 attempts from the field, and four of his 10 three - point attempts. His point total led a Warriors attack that helped preserve Golden State's perfect home record. DeAndre Jordan led the Clippers with a remarkable 19 - point, 20 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a pair of blocks. Austin Rivers was next with a bench - leading 16 points, along with four rebounds and a pair of assists. Curry's recent shooting woes apparently transferred over to Paul for the night, as the latter could only manage 13 points on 4 - for - 16 shooting. He also dished out eight assists, hauled in six rebounds and recorded a steal. No other starter was able to tally double - digit scoring, but Jeff Green did match Paul's point total in a reserve role, and also registered three rebounds, an assist and four steals. Jamal Crawford was the third bench player to post a productive outing, amassing 12 points, six assists, a rebound, two steals and a block. The Clippers remain in second place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division, and still hold the fourth seed in the conference as well. They're home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday night. Klay Thompson was right behind Curry with 32 points, four rebounds, three assists and a steal. Draymond Green did a solid job as the third wheel on the night, posting a 12 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two steals. Harrison Barnes was next with 11 points, six rebounds and a pair of assists. Shaun Livingston paced the reserves with 11 points, five rebounds, three assists and a steal. The Warriors remain atop the Pacific Division and the Western Conference overall. They're home against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night.
