The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the visiting Orlando Magic, 93 - 89, at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Monday. There were some major swings between these two teams and that's a microcosms of their seasons thus far. Orlando actually got out to a 16 - 2 lead to start the game, before Milwaukee were able to recapture the lead just before the half, thanks to a 29 - 17 second quarter. The Magic then responded with a 30 - 20 third quarter of their own. The Bucks then started the fourth quarter with a 16 - 2 run and won the fourth quarter 24 - 15 on their way to a victory. Orlando really killed themselves with turnovers, as they committed 18 in the first half and set a season - high with 25 in total. Milwaukee also dominated through transition baskets, as they won the fastbreak differential 27 - 12. Orlando (6 - 8) has been struggling on offense all season long and a season - high in turnovers is not the way to get over that problem. Serge Ibaka led the team in scoring, totaling 21 points, eight rebounds, two steals and three blocks in the loss. Evan Fournier was second on the team, scoring 18 points, despite committing five turnovers. Nikola Vucevic went just 4 - of - 12 from the field, but finished with eight points and 11 rebounds. Elfrid Payton flirted with a triple - double, accumulating eight points, nine rebounds and seven assists. Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double off the bench, scoring 13 points and grabbing 10 rebounds on 6 - of - 8 shooting. On deck for the Magic is a home matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday. Milwaukee (6 - 7) had lost five of six headed into this game, so a resilient win like this is just what the doctor ordered. Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his MVP form, tallying 21 points, 10 rebounds, 10 assists, five steals and three blocks en route to a triple - double. Jabari Parker scored 20 of his own, hitting a career - high five three - pointers. The only other player in double figures was Michael Beasley, who scored 14 points off the bench. Milwaukee will be of until Friday, when they host the Toronto Raptors for their next game.
