The Cleveland Cavaliers (53 - 29) defeated the Boston Celtics (40 - 42) 113 - 100 on Sunday at Quicken Loans Arena in their first meeting of the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs. It was the Kyrie Irving show on Sunday, as he hit shot after shot in his NBA playoffs debut. Not only was he hitting shots, but he was making all the tough ones as well, including a three - pointer with a hand in his face at the buzzer to end the first half, putting the Cavaliers up 62 - 54 at the break. Irving went 11 - for - 21 from the field and 5 - for - 9 from the three - point line to finish with a game - high of 30 points, while also adding three rebounds and two assists. His performance erased any doubts of how he'll play during his first trip to the NBA playoffs. As a team, the Cavaliers shot 45 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line, while the Celtics finished at 47 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep. Irving received a ton of help from the other two members of the "Big Three", as both LeBron James and Kevin Love had strong showings. Like Irving, this also marked Love's NBA playoff debut and he made it count with 19 points (5 - 14 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 7 - 8 FT) and 12 rebounds. His 12 rebounds helped give the Cavaliers a 46 - 34 rebounding advantage over the Celtics. James, on the other hand, finished with 20 points (8 - 18 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT) of his own, to go along with six rebounds, seven assists and two steals. James did n't have to take this game over like he has in years past due to the impressive performance from Irving. With Irving having such a big game, James was able to focus on getting his teammates involved, as his seven assists were a team - high. The Cavaliers also received a solid contribution from their bench, as Tristan Thompson chipped in with 12 points (4 - 6 FG, 4 - 6 FT) and six rebounds in 26 minutes of tough play. Like he's done ever since joining the Celtics, Isaiah Thomas was again the most productive player for Boston. Thomas went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points, while also adding five rebounds and 10 assists in 32 minutes off the bench. Thomas had n't posted double figure assists even once previously this season, so the double - double was a very nice surprise for this team, despite taking the loss. Thomas will need to continue to play like this if the Celtics want any chance in this series, but he'll need to get more production from others, as he did n't get much help Sunday. Kelly Olynyk did everything he could to help Thomas and had a strong first half, but slowed down in the second to finish with 12 points (5 - 7 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt) and two blocked shots off the bench. Both Evan Turner and Brandon Bass reached double figures in points as well. Turner finished with 12 points (4 - 12 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT), seven rebounds and five assists, while Bass added 10 points (3 - 6 FG, 4 - 4 FT) and two assists. The Celtics came out in the first quarter playing extremely hard and looking like the more motivated team, but they were n't able to hold off the more talented and experienced Cavaliers, who eventually got into a groove and were just too much for the Celtics. These two teams will play again on Tuesday in Cleveland.
