The Memphis Grizzlies (19 - 17) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers (15 - 22) 91 - 78 on Monday. Damian Lillard (foot) returned to the starting lineup after missing the last seven games. The hometown Blazers crowd was ecstatic to have their all star point guard back, but it looks like Lillard will need another game or two to shake the cobwebs off. He finished with 17 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting in 35 minutes. Allen Crabbe returned to his bench role and added nine points and six rebounds, while C.J. McCollum rounded out the backcourt with 16 points, four assists and two rebounds. Turnovers were an issue for the guard rotation throughout the effort, and the Grizzlies slow, physical game plan took advantage of the 22 mistakes Portland committed. Lillard was responsible for seven of the turnovers, but the Blazers are aware of the hindering foot injury and it should not be long before he returns to his elite level of play. Al-Farouq Aminu converted a double - double to lead the frontcourt, adding 15 points and 14 rebounds. Aminu’s career high 11 points per game and 7 rebounds per game are proving to be a strong signing for Portland. The Trail Blazers will host the Los Angeles Clippers (22 - 13) on Wednesday. Memphis is coming off a tough overtime loss to the Utah Jazz on Saturday, where point guard Mike Conley (back) played 41 minutes on a sore back. The day off was spent traveling, but the Grizzlies staple is their tough, physical style of play. The Blazers never came within striking distance and that came on the shoulders of Zach Randolph, who added 26 points and 18 rebounds in 31 minutes off the bench. Jeff Green and Matt Barnes started at the forward positions, but struggled to aid the scoring sheet after combining to go 3 - for - 17 from the field. Conley contributed nine points, four assists and two rebounds, while not allowing a turnover, in 26 minutes. The Grizzlies managed the clock well, took care of the basketball and won the rebounding battle (52 - 42) to spoil Lillards return and come away with a road win. The Grizzlies tough road trip continues when they face the Oklahoma City Thunder (24 - 11) on Wednesday.
