The Sacramento Kings defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies, 96 - 92, at FedEx Forum on Friday. This appeared to be a lopsided matchup on paper, but the Kings pulled out the shocking road win. They really controlled the game from start to finish, as they led for the final 45 minutes and never trailed by more than two points. Both teams really struggled offensively, as they each shot below 39 percent from the field. Fastbreak points were the only big advantage for Sacramento, as they won that battle, 20 - 9. Memphis actually dominated many stats, as they took the advantage in rebounds, assists, steals and blocks in their defeat. Sacramento (10 - 16) played this game without Rudy Gay (hip), but they still pulled out an unlikely road win. DeMarcus Cousins struggled all night, as he went 7 - of - 20 from the field and fouled out in the fourth quarter. With that said, he still led the team with 22 points and nine rebounds. Kosta Koufos was the hero, as he tallied 16 points, 13 rebounds and three blocks in his best game of the season. Garrett Temple got the start for Gay and finished with 17 points, six rebounds and four assists in a great fill - in performance. Darren Collison was the only other King in double figures, as he accrued 11 points, two rebounds and six assists. Sacramento will look to build off this win on Sunday in a road matchup with the Dallas Mavericks. Memphis (18 - 10) came into this game 90 in games decided by four points or less and they could n't quite comeback here to improve on that number. Mike Conley (back) made his return from a three - week absence to provide eight points, three rebounds and six assists in 28 minutes. Marc Gasol led the team in scoring, as he dropped 20 points, six rebounds and four assists. Tony Allen was the only other starter in double figures, as he accumulated 16 points, nine rebounds and two steals in the defeat. Zach Randolph, Andrew Harrison and Troy Daniels also scored at least 10 points apiece off the bench. On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Sunday.
