The Golden State Warriors defeated the Orlando Magic, 118 - 98, at Amway Center on Sunday afternoon. The Warriors (38 - 6) are particularly renowned for being lethal within the friendly confines of Oracle Arena, which often overshadows their considerable potency on the road. That was on full display Sunday, as the Splash Bros. made a rather spectacular appearance in Central Florida. Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson each drained seven three - pointers - - becoming the only pair of teammates in NBA history to accomplish the feat in the same game more than once - - on the way to respective totals of 27 and 21 points, spearheading a rather comfortable victory. Their efforts helped overcome 18 team turnovers overall, as the Warriors were able to post 47 percent success rate from the field and 45 percent figure from three - point range. They also outworked the Magic (18 - 28) down low, outrebounding their hosts by a 52 - 41 margin. Curry's point total paced the Warriors, and he supplemented it with six assists and four rebounds. Thompson five boards and an assist to his aforementioned 21 points. Kevin Durant turned in a modest effort by his standards, tallying a 15 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included six assists, three steals and two blocks. Zaza Pachulia had a strong all - around afternoon, totaling 14 points, five rebounds, an assist and two steals. Draymond Gree provided just six points but hauled in 10 boards, while Javale McGee (13 points, four rebounds, one assist and one steal) and Patrick McCaw (10 points, one rebound, one assist) were productive off the bench. Elfrid Payton paced the Magic with a 23 - point, 10 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds and a steal. Nikola Vucevic and C.J. Watson were next with a pair of 12 - point efforts, with the former also supplying four rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block, and the latter dishing out four assists, hauling in a pair of boards and recording two steals as well. Jeff Green and Bismack Biyombo led the reserves with matching 12 - point tallies, with the latter also notably bringing down 14 rebounds and posting a trio of blocks. The Warriors continue their trek through the Sunshine State with a visit to the Miami Heat on Monday night, while the Magic are home against the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday evening.
