The Chicago Bulls (18 - 12) defeated the Indiana Pacers (18 - 13) 102 - 100 in overtime on Wednesday. The game was a tale of two halves, with Chicago building a 50 - 40 lead by intermission, largely on the strength of a second period in which they outscored the visitors 29 - 19. However, Indiana came out of the locker room ready to play catch - up in the third period, and clawed all the way back to take a 91 - 89 lead on a Monta Ellis layup with 31 seconds remaining in regulation. Jimmy Butler then made a clutch driving layup for the Bulls at the 25 - second mark to knot things up at 91. Following Ellis' missed 30 - foot three - point attempt with one second remaining, the contest went into the extra period. "Jimmy Buckets" was the hero again for the home team in the "fifth quarter" by notching four points, including a game - winning tip - in with 1 seconds remaining to seal the hard - fought victory. The Pacers' attack was spearheaded by George Hill, who tallied 20 points, seven rebounds, three assists and four steals. Paul George continued his recent string of sluggish performances, collecting 19 points on 7 of 20 shooting, including 3 of 9 from three - point range. It was notably the fifth time in the last six games that George shot under 40 percent from the field, and the tenth time overall in December. Ellis was able to pitch in 13 points and add five assists, a rebound and a pair of steals, while Lavoy Allen posted a double - double in a rare start, collecting 10 points and hauling in 12 boards. Rodney Stuckey led the Indiana reserves with a 13 - point outing. The Pacers fell to 18 - 13 and into third place behind the Bulls in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They head home for a New Year's Eve showdown with the Milwaukee Bucks. Butler finished with an outstanding 28 points, and added four rebounds, four assists, two steals and a block. He notably visited the free - throw line 13 times, draining 11 of those attempts successfully. Pau Gasol had a relatively subdued but efficient double - double with 13 points and 11 rebounds. He also added three blocks and a sole assist, which came on Butler's game - winning shot. While no other starter was able to get into double - digits scoring - wise, two very productive performances off the bench were crucial to Chicago's cause. With Derrick Rose sitting with a sore hamstring, Aaron Brooks showed he had the hot hand early despite yielding the start to Kirk Hinrich, and ended up playing a robust 41 minutes. Brooks tallied a season - high 29 points, and was successful on four of his seven three - point tries. While he did turn the ball over six times, he provided some badly - needed scoring punch in Rose's stead. 2015 first - round pick Bobby Portis also pitched in significantly off the bench with 16 points, seven rebounds, a steal and a block. The Bulls improved to 18 - 12 and are now in second place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division.They remain home for a New Year's Day matchup against the Knicks.
