The Minnesota Timberwolves (21 - 45) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder (44 - 21) 99 - 96 on Friday. Despite playoff contention being a distant dream at this point of the season, the Timberwolves and their talented core of young superstars have n't come close to giving up. This could hardly have been more evident Friday, when Minnesota pulled out one of the season's most improbable victories by toppling the struggling yet third - seeded Thunder in their home arena. Oklahoma City had appeared to put some of their recent sluggishness behind them by scoring consecutive victories over the Bucks and Clippers, after having lost six of the previous eight contests. However, they scuffled on offense throughout the night, shooting only 22 percent from three - point range and committing double the amount of turnovers (24) of the visitors. Ricky Rubio sealed the win for Minnesota with 0 seconds left by draining a clutch 24 - foot three - point jumper, after they'd entered the fourth quarter trailing 73 - 66. The Timberwolves were led by Gorgui Dieng's near double - double that consisted of 25 points, nine boards, an assist, three blocks and two steals. Andrew Wiggins was next with 20 points, four assists and five steals. Karl-Anthony Towns followed with a 17 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included three blocks and a steal. Rubio rounded things out for the first unit with 13 points, 12 assists and three steals. Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head to Phoenix to take on the Suns on Monday. The Thunder's two linchpins got virtually no offensive support from any of their teammates, a key factor in the unexpected loss. Kevin Durant tallied 28 points, six rebounds, an assist and a block, but did commit six turnovers. Russell Westbrook was close behind with 26 points, eight assists and four rebounds, but turned the ball over five times himself. However, Enes Kanter was the only other player to tally double - digit scoring, posting a 17 - point, 14 - rebound double - double. Among the starters, Serge Ibaka had one of the most forgettable games of his career, going scoreless over 20 minutes before fouling out. Andre Roberson could only contribute two points himself, and despite bringing in 13 rebounds, Steven Adams pitched in a modest eight points. Oklahoma City remains in first place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division, and retains a hold on the third seed in the conference. They head to San Antonio for a Saturday night showdown with the Spurs.
