The Toronto Raptors defeated the visiting Indiana Pacers at Air Canada Centre on Monday, 98 - 87, to forge a 1 - 1 tie in the Eastern Conference first - round playoffs. With an unexpected home loss in Game 1 of the series apparently serving as a wake - up call, the Raptors came out of the gate hot and led the Pacers 27 - 16 after one quarter. Kyle Lowry and Jonas Valanciunas spearheaded Toronto's attack early, as Indiana continued to show a particular inability to control the latter down low. The Pacers seemed to awaken from their doldrums in the second period, with veterans Monta Ellis and Paul George leading the way. However, the Raptors were able to regain their footing after intermission, with the constant theme being their proficiency around the basket. For the game, they outrebounded the visitors by a margin of 44 - 33, and outscored them in the paint, 46 - 30. George's 28 points were a game - high total, and he added four rebounds, an assist and a steal. Ellis was second in line, tallying 15 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals. No other player on the roster was able to manage double - digit scoring, as the Pacers only managed success rates of 41 and 20 from the field and three - point range, respectively. Ian Mahinmi did battle back soreness throughout the contest, and was eventually forced to the bench after 22 minutes with five points and five rebounds to his credit. Myles Turner also fell victim to the injury bug, as he appeared to bruise his tailbone on a hard fall in the first half. He finished with eight points, two rebounds and two blocks over 16 minutes. Valanciunas led the way for Toronto with 23 points, 15 rebounds, a steal and two blocks. He's now double - doubled in both games of the series. Kyle Lowry was next with 18 points, nine assists, seven rebounds and a steal. DeMar DeRozan followed with 10 points, four rebounds, two assists and a steal. Cory Joseph paced the reserves with 16 points, three assists, a rebound and a steal. Patrick Patterson was productive off the bench as well, managing 14 points, six rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. The series now shifts to Indiana, where the two teams will face off in Game 3 on Thursday night.
