The Denver Nuggets defeated the Indiana Pacers, 140 - 112, at O2 Arena in London, England on Thursday. In the first NBA game of the season across seas, the Nuggets put it to the Pacers in this 28 - point blowout. Denver actually led for 47 minutes of this game, as the Pacers one and only lead came early in the second quarter. The middle quarters were the difference in the game, with Denver outscoring Indiana, 76 - 47, in that 24 - minute stretch. The Nuggets offense was on point, as they went 57 percent from the field and recorded 37 assists in the win. Rebounding was a huge factor as well, with Denver winning that battle, 48 - 34. The Nuggets also hit 15 three - pointers and scored 70 points in the paint. The Pacers (20 - 19) came into this game extremely hot, but their defense clearly did n't travel with them across seas. Jeff Teague and Paul George were the only starters in double figures, as Teague led them with 14 points. He also added nine assists, while George swiped away four steals. C.J. Miles was the leading scorer, as he dropped 20 points, going 6 - of - 7 from three - point range off the bench. Monta Ellis, Aaron Brooks and Kevin Seraphin all scored in double figures off the bench as well, as garbage time started in the third quarter. The Nuggets (15 - 23) had lost five - straight headed into this matchup, so a 28 - point win is just what the doctor ordered. Nikola Jokic was the player of the game, accumulating 22 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists. Wilson Chandler was n't far behind, tallying 21 points, eight rebounds and four assists. Danilo Gallinari provided 18 points of his own. Gary Harris also shot well, accruing 16 points, five rebounds and six assists. Those four starters actually combined to go 28 - of - 47 from the field, with each of them shooting 55 percent or higher. Kenneth Faried was a nice spark off the bench too, totaling 15 points and nine rebounds. Both teams return to action on Monday, as the Pacers host the New Orleans Pelicans, while the Nuggets host the Orlando Magic.
