The Golden State Warriors (10 - 2) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder (3 - 12) 91 - 86 on Sunday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City. With even scoring production between the two teams in the second half, the Warriors were able to out - score the Thunder 52 - 47 in the first half to give them enough of an advantage to secure the victory Sunday. In what most thought would be a blowout win for the Warriors with both Reggie Jackson and Kevin Durant still sidelined, the Thunder were actually able to keep it close and nearly came out with the win. The Thunder were led by Reggie Jackson, who came two assists shy of a triple - double. He shot 10 - for - 26 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line, as he finished with 22 points, while also adding 11 rebounds and eight assists. Jackson, one of the more talented of the healthy players for the Thunder, was heavily relied upon to keep them in the game. Coming off the bench, Anthony Morrow continued to offer consistent production ever since coming back from his MCL injury. He scored 16 points (5 - 11 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt, 4 - 5 FT) and grabbed 12 rebounds, giving him his first double - double of the season. Serge Ibaka also chipped in 16 points and eight rebounds. He's now scored a combined 54 points over the last three games, as he's done whatever he can to keep the Thunder in games. Surprisingly pushing the Warriors to victory was Marreese Speights, who came off the bench for a season - high 28 points (11 - 18 FG, 6 - 9 FT) and seven rebounds. He's only reached the 20 - point mark twice this season, but he seems to be continuing to gain confidence as the season goes on. The Warriors backcourt of Klay Thompson and Stephen Curry were the other two who really helped the team fight off the Thunder. Thompson posted 20 points (6 - 20 FG, 4 - 11 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT), eight rebounds and five assists, while Curry had 15 points (5 - 15 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), six rebounds and six assists. The only other player to reach double figures was Draymond Green, who added 10 points, while grabbing nine rebounds. It was n't the best performance from the Warriors, but they were still able to leave Oklahoma with the victory and their tenth win of the season. The Warriors' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Tuesday, while the Thunder will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday.
