The Golden State Warriors defeated the visiting Portland Trail Blazers, 110 - 99, to take a 20 series lead in the Western Conference semifinals Tuesday at Oracle Arena. Through three quarters, the Blazers frustrated the Warriors shooters and kept Klay Thompson in check. Damian Lillard was lights out in the third quarter and led the Blazers to a nine point lead heading into the final period, but a 34 - 12 fourth quarter blowout progressed the home team to a commanding 20 series lead. The depth of the Warriors was on display, as Festus Ezeli scored the first eight points of the fourth quarter, which helped narrow the Portland lead. From there on out, it was the Draymond Green and Klay Thompson show, as both players helped from behind the arc and inside the paint, while the Portland shooters went ice cold. With 55 seconds remaining in regulation, Andre Iguodala put back the dagger dunk to extend the Warriors lead to nine points. Thompson led all scorers with 27 points, and fell two three - pointers shy of becoming the first player in NBA history to drain seven - plus three - pointers in four consecutive games. The Warriors marquee shooting guard added three rebounds and three assists, while Green stuffed the stat sheet once again, and finished with 17 points, 14 rebounds, seven assists, one steal and four blocks. Shaun Livingston played 33 minutes in the absence of Stephen Curry, and contributed 14 points, including a sweet looking turnaround jumper later in the fourth quarter. Iguodala led the bench with 15 points, five rebounds and four assists. Lillard almost single handedly carried the Blazers in his impressive third quarter scoring spree, but the tight knit defense that was presented by Golden State late in the game frustrated the point guard. The Weber State product and de facto leader of the Blazers finished with 25 points, four rebounds and six assists on 8 - of - 20 shooting. C.J. McCollum bounced back after a quiet Game 1 and added 22 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting, while Mason Plumlee six points, 11 rebounds and four assists. The Blazers were inefficient from the free throw line, and the additional points that could have came from the charity stripe would have only extended the early lead they got off to. Portland finished 14 - of - 21 from the stipe, as compared to the Warriors nearly perfect 18 - of - 20 free throw shooting. Game 3 moves to Portland, and will take place on Saturday.
