The Denver Nuggets (11 - 14) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (9 - 15) 112 - 100 on Tuesday. The Nuggets had an outstanding shooting night overall, and benefited from solid efforts all across their roster. Four Denver starters tallied double - digit scoring, while reserve Randy Foye shared in the team lead with 19 points over 25 minutes. Kenneth Faried equaled Foye's point total, and also managed his third double - double over the last four games by hauling in 10 boards. Overall, the visitors managed stellar 56 and 56 percent success rates from the field and three - point range, respectively. In addition to Faried's and Foye's team - leading totals, the Nuggets also received 15 points from Danilo Gallinari for the second straight game. The resurgent small forward has now rattled off 13 consecutive double - digit scoring performances, a benefit of his rare extended stretch of health. Big man Joffrey Lauvergne pitched in with a second straight efficient performance (11 points, seven rebounds), and has now managed an outstanding 25 points over 37 minutes on the court over the last two games. Jameer Nelson once again started in place of Emmanuel Mudiay (ankle), and contributed all across the stat sheet with 10 points, four assists, three rebounds and a pair of steals. Will Barton had another productive outing off the bench, pouring in 14 points. Denver improved to 11 - 14 and currenly resides in second place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They now head to Utah for a Friday showdown with the Jazz. The Timberwolves were led by Andrew Wiggins, who posted a game - high 23 points. Karl-Anthony Towns was next in line with 18 points and six rebounds, while Ricky Rubio came within an assist of a double - double. The Minnesota point guard contributed 13 points, nine dimes and four rebounds after a one - point performance in his most recent contest. After three consecutive double - digit scoring outings that made it seem as if he was back on track, guard Kevin Martin notably crashed back down to earth with only two points on 1 - of - 8 shooting over 22 minutes. Zach LaVine (25 minutes) outpaced Martin in playing time as a result, and exploded with 20 points, five assists, four rebounds, a steal and a block to lead the Minnesota reserves. Minnesota fell to 9 - 15 and remains in last place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head to New York for a Wednesday matchup against the Knicks.
