The Brooklyn Nets (6 - 15) defeated the Houston Rockets (10 - 12) 110 - 105 on Tuesday. After a roller coaster first 18 games of the season, the Rockets had finally started to build some momentum as of late, coming into Tuesday having won three straight games. However, the recent positive vibes were extinguished in a mistake - laden performance against the Nets. James Harden turned in a particularly disappointing outing, finishing with a season - low 10 points, his fewest since a nine - point effort last February against the Clippers. The All-Star guard also turned the ball over seven times, equaling his second - highest total on the season in that category. Although he was an effective ball distributor Tuesday - - handing out nine assists on the night - - Harden seemed to hurt more than help by not being aggressive offensively, especially after the Rockets lost Trevor Ariza to a bruised lower back in the first quarter. Corey Brewer and Marcus Thornton were the principal beneficiaries of Ariza's absence, totaling 34 and 26 minutes off the bench, respectively. The former posted a season - high 22 points (including a season - high four three - pointers), along with three rebounds, two assists and three steals. Thornton also managed his best scoring night of the season, amassing 32 points on a season - best 12 field goals and 67 percent shooting from the field. Patrick Beverely and Dwight Howard joined Harden in providing a pair of 10 - point efforts, with the latter coming a rebound short of a double - double. Clint Capela pitched in with a modest six points and nine rebounds. Houston fell to 10 - 12 and currently resides in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They face the Wizards in Washington in the second game of a back - to - back on Wednesday. The Nets were led by their outstanding frontcourt duo of Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young, which has often been the case this season, but received strong efforts from their entire starting five. Lopez pitched in with 24 points, eight rebounds, and an impressive five blocks. It was the Nets' big man's sixth contest with over 20 points over the last eight games. Meanwhile, Young managed his best night of the year from the field, draining 10 - of - 13 shot attempts (77 percent) to post 20 points. By adding 12 rebounds (along with five assists), the veteran tallied his fifth double - double in the last six games. The venerable Joe Johnson also had an outstanding night, equaling a season - high 22 points. Bojan Bogdanovic, making his second start in place of injured rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (ankle), provided 19 points and five rebounds. The second - year pro also sank a season - best three buckets from beyond the arc, an encouraging sign given Bogdanovic's struggles with his long - range shot so far in the 2015 - 16 campaign. Jarret Jack closed out an excellent night for Brooklyn's front line by pitching in 10 points and nine assists. The Nets improved to 6 - 15 and reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a matchup with the last - place Sixers on Thursday.
