The Portland Trail Blazers evened their Western Conference first - round playoff series against the visiting Los Angeles Clippers with a 98 - 84 win Monday in Game 4 at Moda Center. Al-Farouq Aminu picked a big game to step up, one that came against the Clippers team that drafted him and one that was needed for Portland to even the series. Aminu finished with 30 points in the contest, and at times looked like he would not miss a shot. Outside of Aminu, neither team played a pretty game of basketball, and the heavy blow to Chris Paul is leaving many Clippers fans in disbelief given their playoffs track record. Paul left the game after he fractured third metacarpal on his right hand according to Rowan Kavner of Clippers.com, but will undergo further tests when the team flies back to Los Angeles. J.J. Redick is dealing with a bruised heel and Blake Griffin briefly left the contest with soreness in his left quad. Coach Doc Rivers' squad could not catch a break, and the injuries seemed to pile one on top of the other. Even with the unfortunate series of events, Los Angeles stayed competitive until the final five minutes of regulation. Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum were unable to replicate their success in Game 3, but still drained clutch shots in the fourth quarter. Lillard finished with 12 points, six rebounds, six assists and one steal on 4 - of - 15 shooting, while McCollum added 19 points. Maurice Harkless contributed 12 points and seven boards and Mason Plumlee played efficiently as a utility man, as he completed a double - double with 14 rebounds and 10 assists. Allen Crabbe went a perfect 5 - of - 5 from the field on his way to 12 points in 27 minutes off the bench. Prior to Paul leaving the game, he was the main difference maker for the Clippers success in the first half, as he was responsible for his team’s first 10 points on 5 - of - 5 shooting, but eventually cooled off and finished with 16 points, one rebound and four assists. Jeff Greene and Jamal Crawford aided the starters with a combined 29 points off the bench, while Griffin 17 points, seven rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting. Game 5 is Wednesday at Staples Center.
