The Memphis Grizzlies (24 - 19) defeated the visiting New Orleans Pelicans (13 - 27) 101 - 99 on Monday. This was a back - and - forth game the whole way, featuring 18 lead changes and 14 ties. It came down to the wire as Marc Gasol missed two free throws that would have put the game out of reach. Instead, the score remained 100 - 97 with 12 seconds left. New Orleans elected to go for a lay - up, making it a one - point game with four seconds to go. They then fouled Courtney Lee, who hit the first of two free throws. The Pelicans would have had one last chance, but Marc Gasol pulled down the rebound, making up for his earlier missed free throws, and allowed the clock to run out. This was the final game of a six - game home stand for Memphis. Mike Conley was back in the starting line up after missing five games with a sore achilles. He logged a double - double with 15 points and 10 assists, in 27 minutes. Marc Gasol had a double - double as well, with 16 points and 10 rebounds, along with six assists, two steals and one block, in 39 minutes. Jeff Green and Matt Barnes each chipped in 16 points off the bench. The Grizzlies have now won three in a row and have a chance to distance themselves from the pack in the West. New Orleans was looking for its third straight win but fell short to the Grizzlies for the second time this season. Tyreke Evans sat this one out with a sore right knee, leaving Norris Cole to start. Cole finished with 10 points and four assists, in 30 minutes. Anthony Davis was quiet in the second half but finished with 21 points, eight rebounds, three steals, three blocks and two assists, in 36 minutes. Jrue Holiday led the Pelicans in scoring with 23 points (9 - 13 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt), along with nine assists and two rebounds, in 28 minutes off the bench. The Pelicans will be right back in action on the second night of a back to back as they host the Timberwolves on Tuesday. The Grizzlies will have a few days rest before they travel to Denver to face off against the pesky Nuggets on Thursday.
