The Chicago Bulls defeated the Detroit Pistons, 117 - 95, at United Center on Wednesday night. The Bulls (34 - 38) came into Wednesday's contest missing big man Robin Lopez, who'd been suspended for his part in a fight with the Raptors' Serge Ibaka on Tuesday evening. His absence was potentially hurtful, as Lopez had been playing a much larger role in the offense following Dwyane Wade's season - ending elbow injury. However, Joffrey Lauvergne, who'd shown flashes of offensive prowess during his limited opportunities in Denver and Oklahoma City, stepped up in his spot start to post 17 points, seven rebounds, three assists and one steal. Meanwhile, Nikola Mirotic made the most of his starting role as well, as he tallied a game - high 28 points to go along with five boards, two assists, three steals and one block. Chicago also blew open a close game in the second half by outscoring the Pistons (34 - 38) by a 58 - 42 margin over the third and fourth quarters. The Pistons were led by matching 14 - point efforts from Tobias Harris and Maurice Morris. The former added four boards, three assists and one steal, while the latter posted three rebounds and one assist. Ish Smith ran with the first unit in pace of Reggie Jackson and delivered nine points, seven assists, one rebound and three steals. Andre Drummond generated a modest eight points but also brought down 17 rebounds and recorded a block. Jon Leuer led the bench with 13 points, six rebounds and one assist while Stanley Johnson totaled 12 points and three boards. Jimmy Butler was next behind Mirotic and Lauvergne with a 16 - point, 12 - assist double - double that also included two steals. Paul Zipser turned in 15 points, four rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block. Rajon Rondo supplied only five points but did add nine assists, two rebounds and a steal. Bobby Portis led the second unit with 12 points, six rebounds and a pair of assists. The Pistons next head down to Central Florida for a Friday evening date with the Orlando Magic, while the Bulls are home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night as well.
