The Detroit Pistons defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers, 106 - 101, at Palace of Auburn Hills on Thursday evening. LeBron James naturally carries a sizable offensive responsibility on his shoulders under normal circumstances, but that goes up exponentially whenever one of his other fellow "Big Three" mates is sidelined. That's currently the case with Kevin Love (knee) out indefinitely, and James has unsurprisingly responded with spectacular production. He was at again Thursday, posting a 29 - point, 13 - rebound, 10 - assist triple - double that also included two steals. However, that was n't enough for the Cavaliers (42 - 21) to prevent their losing streak from extending to three games, despite the fact that Kyrie Irving also poured in 27 points. The Pistons (32 - 33) countered with six double - digit scoring performances, including one from each of the members of their starting five, on their way to a 47 percent success rate from the field. Detroit impressively battled back from two notable deficits as well, as they trailed by a 29 - 22 margin after the first quarter and 80 - 73 heading into the fourth period. Irving added five rebounds and three assists to his aforementioned scoring total. Channing Frye was the only other Cleveland player to hit double digits in the scoring column, as he totaled 15 points, nine boards and one steal off the bench. Richard Jefferson and Iman Shumpert turned in modest stat lines as starters, with the former supplying nine points, seven rebounds and two assists, and the latter registering eight points, one rebound and one assist. Reggie Jackson, who's struggled with his consistency, led the Pistons with 21 points, five assists, two rebounds and one steal. Andre Drummond provided a 20 - point, 16 - rebound double - double that also included four assists. Tobias Harris had a near double - double with 15 points, nine rebounds, two assists and two blocks. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope matched Harris' point total and added two assists. Marcus Morris delivered a full stat line with 12 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals. Ish Smith led the bench with 12 points, three rebounds, three assists and one steal. The Cavaliers head down to Central Florida to tangle with the Orlando Magic on Saturday evening, while the Pistons remain home to face off with the New York Knicks on Saturday afternoon.
