The Boston Celtics (21 - 19) defeated the Phoenix Suns (13 - 28) 117 - 103 on Friday. If the Celtics could get balanced efforts like these across their roster on a consistent basis, they would likely sport an even better record. Virtually every Boston player seemed to be hitting on all cylinders Friday, with seven managing double - digit scoring. They also received a double - double and a triple - double from Jared Sullinger and Marcus Smart, respectively, and outperformed the visitors in every major offensive and defensive category. The Celtics cruised to a 68 - 47 halftime lead, before finishing things out in the second half for their largest margin of victory since Dec. 22 against the Timberwolves. The Suns' leading scorer came from the bench, as Mirza Teletovic continued his solid stretch of offensive play. The power forward posted 22 points, two rebounds and an assist over 21 minutes, his seventh consecutive double - digit scoring performance. Brandon Knight was tops among the starters, collecting 16 points, four assists, two steals and a block. T.J. Warren and Sonny Weems were two more solid contributors off the bench, amassing 13 and 10 points, respectively. The latter was particularly proficient across the stat sheet, adding six rebounds, five assists and a pair of steals. Markieff Morris, back in the starting lineup, tallied nine points, nine rebounds, four assists and a steal. The Suns fell to 13 - 28 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They now head to Minnesota to face off with the Timberwolves on Sunday. Like the visitors, a reserve, Kelly Olynyk, spearheaded the Celtics' attack, pouring in 21 points and hauling in nine rebounds. He added an assist, three steals and a block. Isaiah Thomas was productive against his former team, tallying 19 points, five assists and two rebounds. Avery Bradley and Jae Crowder posted a pair of 17 - point efforts, with the former supplementing his scoring with seven rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals, and the latter hauling in six boards, five assists, three steals and a pair of blocks. Sullinger's contributions consisted of 11 points, 10 rebounds and a pair of assists. Amir Johnson rounded out the starters' productive evening with 13 points, five rebounds, two assists and a steal, while Smart stuffed the stat sheet by registering 10 points, 11 rebounds, 11 assists, a pair of steals and a pair of blocks in a stellar performance off the bench. The Celtics improved to 21 - 19 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They now head to Washington to take on the Wizards in a Saturday night showdown.
