The Sacramento Kings (17 - 23) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers (26 - 14) at Staples Center on Saturday, 110 - 103. Sacramento battled through foul trouble early on, but shot lights out from the behind the arc to sink the Clippers and their 10 game winning streak. The importance of 3 - point shooting continues to surge in the NBA, and efficient shooting from deep is becoming a sure fire way to stop even the best of teams. The Kings finished 52 percent from the 3 - point line, knocking down 13 treys on route to a tough road win. Omri Casspi nailed five threes, adding 17 points in 30 minutes off the bench. DeMarcus Cousins went into beast mode during the first half, and was unstoppable on the glass and in the paint. As the game progressed to the second half, Cousins picked up three fouls in the 3rd quarter, which dented his strong overall performance. The Kings center finished with 19 points, 13 rebounds, six assists and two blocks on 6 - of - 14 shooting. Rudy Gay added to an impressive streak of five games (22 points per game and 7 rebounds per game), totalling 18 points and seven rebounds. Rajon Rondo brought his 20/20 court vision and dropped another double - double, as he finished with 13 points and 10 assists. The Kings will continue to battle for a playoff spot in the Western Conference when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers (9 - 33) on Wednesday. While the Clippers have been playing extraordinarily well without Blake Griffin (quad) and DeAndre Jordan (illness), the continued absence took full effect at home on Saturday. The 3 - point shots were guarded well by the Kings, and the long ball was the Clippers key to success throughout the streak. JJ Reddick and Chris Paul led the way from deep and finished with 22 points and 15 points, respectively. and combined to go with 8 - of - 14 shooting from 3 - point territory. Cole Aldrich has stepped up in the absence of the all - star front court for the Clippers and added another big performance when they need it most. Aldrich scored 19 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, and the extended playing time has seen improved pick - and - roll play between him and Chris Paul, while also playing a role in opening up JJ Reddick and Paul Pierce to roam around and find better looks. The Clippers will look to bounce back when they host the Houston Rockets (21 - 20) on Monday.
