The Miami Heat (46 - 32) defeated the Chicago Bulls (39 - 40) 106 - 98 on Thursday. The Heat's overall defense, as well as their outstanding shooting in the second half, helped key the victory. Miami held Chicago to a paltry 21 success rate from three - point range, and outscored the visitors by a considerable margin of 65 - 52 over the third and fourth quarters. All five Heat starters, as well as two reserves, managed double - digit scoring, and their second - half scoring haul was the team's best point total after intermission this season. Chicago was paced by Jimmy Butler, who bounced back from one of the worst performances of his career in his last game to post 25 points, six assists, a rebound and a block. Pau Gasol was next with a 21 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and four blocks. Derrick Rose, still nursing a hyperextended elbow, was able to contribute 17 points, three assists, three rebounds and two steals. Justin Holiday paced the bench with nine points, three assists, two rebounds, two blocks and a steal. The Bulls are now in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division, and are three games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons. They're home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday. The Heat were led by Dwyane Wade's 21 points, which he supplemented with five rebounds, four assists and a steal. Joe Johnson was next with 17 points, four assists, three rebounds and a steal. Goran Dragic filled out the stat sheet with 16 points, 12 rebounds, four assists, a steal and a block. Luol Deng finished with 13 points, three assists and two rebounds, while Amare Stoudemire rounded things out for the first unit with 10 points, three rebounds and three steals. As customary, Hassan Whiteside paced the bench, tallying 16 points, 12 rebounds, a steal and a block. Josh Richardson continued his solid rookie season with 11 points, two rebounds and an assist in a reserve role. Miami is now in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, and is slotted in the fifth seed as well. They head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday night.
