The Los Angeles Lakers (11 - 41) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans (18 - 31) 99 - 96 on Thursday. Throughout the course of this, his final season, 20 - year - veteran Kobe Bryant has certainly had his ups and downs. He's gone through long stretches where he's struggled with his shot, and due to his generally unremarkable numbers, his election to the All-Star team has been derided by some as a somewhat undeserved distinction. However, over the last three contests, Bryant has turned back the clock and resembled the legendary figure that has earned the many accolades he's received throughout his retirement tour. His remarkable run continued Thursday, with the 37 - year - old registering a team - high 27 points, and adding 12 boards, two assists and two steals in leading Los Angeles to only their fifth road victory of the season. The output followed a season - high 38 - point outburst against the Timberwolves on Tuesday, and a 23 - point effort in just 23 minutes against the Hornets last Sunday. The steady Jordan Clarkson followed Bryant's performance with 18 points, five rebounds and two assists of his own. Julius Randle had a tough assignment against Anthony Davis, but did contribute 11 points, eight rebounds and three assists as the only other Lakers starter to post double - digit scoring. D'Angelo Russell stepped in off the bench to pace the reserves with 13 points, three rebounds and three assists, while Nick Young provided 11 points, four rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs in a Saturday night showdown. Anthony Davis unsurprisingly dominated a vulernable Lakers frontcourt throughout the night, tallying 39 points, 11 rebounds, a steal and a block. Bryce Dejean-Jones, who has been a revelation during Eric Gordon's absence due to a finger injury, pitched in with 17 points, nine rebounds, an assist and a pair of steals. His contributions were particularly relevant on a night when backcourt mate Norris Cole could only manage two points, two assists and two steals, and during which Davis was the only other starter to post double - digit points. Jrue Holiday was outstanding off the bench, supplying a near double - double in 34 minutes of action with 19 points, nine assists, a steal and a block. However, he missed an opportunity to send the game into overtime when he misfired on a 25 - foot three - point jumper at the buzzer. Ryan Anderson was n't far behind with a productive effort of his own, totaling 17 points and four rebounds. The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Saturday night.
