The Boston Celtics defeated the Chicago Bulls, 100 - 80, at TD Center on Sunday evening. The Celtics (42 - 25) had hit a few bumps on their Western Conference swing, losing three of the last four contests of the road trip. A return home turned out to be just what the doctor ordered, as Boston dominated the Bulls (31 - 35) on both ends of the floor. Their defensive effort was particularly inspired, as they limited Chicago to a 38 percent success rate from the floor and 28 percent from three - point range. They also forced 17 turnovers, won the rebounding battle by a 51 - 40 margin, saw their bench combine for 42 points, and jumped out to a 46 - 26 lead halftime lead, giving them a definitive advantage they would n't relinquish. Robin Lopez paced Chicago with 13 points, three rebounds, three assists, two blocks and one steal. Denzel Valentine matched Lopez 'point total while leading the bench and added three boards. Bobby Portis turned in 12 points and eight rebounds. Dwyane Wade struggled through an uncharacteristically poor game, supplying just eight points, three rebounds and two steals. Jimmy Butler was even worse, posting five points (on 2 - for - 11 shooting), seven rebounds, three assists and two steals. Cristiano Felicio was solid off the bench as usual with 10 points, four rebounds and one steal. Isaiah Thomas led the way for Boston with 22 points, two assists, one rebound and three steals. Avery Bradley provided 17 points, six rebounds, one assist, three steals and one block. Al Horford registered 12 points, seven rebounds, six assists, two blocks and one steal. Jae Crowder tallied a modest five points but hauled in 10 rebounds. Marcus Smart led a productive second unit with 12 points, six rebounds, three assists and two steals. Jaylen Brown and Kelly Olynyk pitched in with matching 11 - point efforts, with the former adding three rebounds, one assist and one steal, and the latter generating nine boards, three assists and one steal. The Bulls next head to Charlotte to tangle with the Hornets on Monday evening, while the Celtics remain home to face the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday night.
