The Toronto Raptors defeated the Dallas Mavericks, 94 - 86, at American Airlines Center on Saturday night. The Raptors (44 - 29) checked into Saturday's contest having won four straight games and within striking distance of the top - seeded Cleveland Cavaliers. Meanwhile, the Mavs (31 - 41) were in urgent need of a win to keep their fading playoff hopes alive, but it was ultimately the road team that prevailed in what was a tough defensive matchup. Toronto managed to shoot just a bit better than Dallas, tallying success rates of 48 and 43 percent from the field and three - point range, respectively. The Mavs fell behind by a 30 - 22 score after one quarter and never could catch up against a suffocating Raptors defense that limited them to 38 percent shooting overall and a 25 percent mark from behind the arc. DeMar DeRozan and Serge Ibaka co - led Toronto with matching 18 - point efforts, with the former providing six assists, three rebounds, a steal and a block, and the latter supplying eight boards and one assist. P.J. Tucker drew the start and produced a near double - double with nine points, nine rebounds, three assists and four steals. Jonas Valanciunas matched Tucker's scoring total and added six rebounds, one assist and one steal. Cory Joseph generated a full stat line of eight points, seven rebounds and five assists. Patrick Patterson led the bench with 14 points, five rebounds and an assist. Harrison Barnes paced Dallas with 23 points, seven rebounds, two assists and three steals. Seth Curry poured in 11 points and added two assists, a rebound and a steal. Dirk Nowitzki registered nine points and five rebounds. Wesley Matthews (four points, six rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocks) and Nerlens Noel (three points, eight rebounds, a block) provided modest but solid performances. Yogi Ferrell led the bench with 10 points, four rebounds, four assists and one steal. The Raptors head back home to face the Orlando Magic on Monday evening, while the Mavericks remain home to tangle with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday night as well.
