The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Washington Wizards, 98 - 93, at Spectrum Center on Saturday night. The Wizards (42 - 27) checked into Saturday having played very well over their past two weeks, but also burning the proverbial candle at both ends. Washington had already played 13 games since the All-Star break, and had n't enjoyed two consecutive days off since just before the extended layoff. That pace was bound to catch up with them at some point, and it may have well been Saturday night. The Wizards appeared a bit sluggish on offense, with their final scoring tally representing their lowest since Feb. 26. They shot just 37 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range while also turning the ball over 12 times. The Hornets (30 - 39) were able to capitalize on their visitors' fatigue in the second half, when they outscored the Wizards by a 59 - 53 margin to pull off the home victory. John Wall led Washington with a modest 19 points, which he supplemented with eight assists, three rebounds, two blocks and one steal. Bradley Beal was next with 18 points, three boards, two assists, one steal and one block. Otto Porter, Jr. followed with 16 points, three rebounds, one assist and three steals. Jason Smith drew another start for Markieff Morris (illness) and provided eight points, four rebounds, two assists and three blocks. Bojan Bogdanovic led the bench with 12 points, three rebounds and one assist. Cody Zeller paced Charlotte with 19 points, five rebounds, four steals and two blocks. Kemba Walker and Marvin Williams supplied matching 16 - point efforts, with the former adding six assists and two rebounds and the latter registering eight rebounds, three assists and two steals. Nicolas Batum returned after a multi - game absence due to migraines and tallied eight points, 10 rebounds and five assists. Frank Kaminsky III paced the reserves with 14 points, four boards, two assists and one block. Marco Belinelli was productive off the bench as well with 11 points, two assists and one rebound. The Wizards next head to Boston for key showdown with the Celtics on Monday night, while the Hornets remain home to tangle with the Atlanta Hawks on Monday evening as well.
