The Golden State Warriors defeated the New York Knicks, 112 - 105, at Madison Square Garden on Sunday afternoon. Coming into Sunday, the Warriors (51 - 11) were looking to reestablish their confidence after falling flat in their first game without Kevin Durant (knee) on Thursday. The prolific Splash Bros made sure of that, putting together a performance that hearkened back to last season by combining for 60 points, including nine three - pointers. No other player on the team scored more than 13 but it proved to be enough to hold off a feisty Knicks (25 - 38) squad that kept matters close until the closing minute. New York got a pair of standout performances in their own right from Derrick Rose and Kristaps Porzingis, who nearly matched Curry and Thompson basket - for - basket with 53 combined points of their own. The Warriors notably lost the rebound battle by a 47 - 35 margin, but took much better care of the ball, turning it over only eight times as compared the Knicks' 15. Curry led the way with a game - high 31 points, which he supplemented with eight rebounds, six assists and two steals. Thompson was right behind him with 29 points, four boards, one assist and one steal. Green filled out the stat sheet with 13 points, seven rebounds, four assists, two steals and one block. Zaza Pachulia provided 10 points, two assists, one rebound, one steal and one block. Rose paced the Knicks with 28 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting from the floor and a 10 - of - 11 tally from the free - throw line. He added four assists, one rebound and one steal. Porzingis compiled a 24 - point, 15 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two blocks. With his two teammates taking on such expanded roles Sunday, Carmelo Anthony turned in a rather modest 15 points, six rebounds, two assists and two blocks. Lance Thomas surprisingly went scoreless over 27 minutes, although he did supply seven boards and two assists. Justin Holiday led the bench with 10 points, three rebounds and one assist. The Warriors now head south to the Peach State for a Monday night showdown with the Atlanta Hawks, while the Knicks travel to Central Florida to tangle with the Orlando Magic on Monday evening as well.
