The Golden State Warriors (56 - 6) defeated the Orlando Magic (27 - 35) 119 - 113 at Oracle Arena on Monday. The Warriors set an NBA record after capturing their 45th straight home win, and maintained keeping another record alive, as they avoided losing back - to - back games on consecutive days, which has never been done in a regular season. After the shock defeat against the Lakers on Sunday, where the Warriors shot a disastrous 4 - of - 30 from behind the arc, Steph Curry and company bounced back to keep the surging Spurs in the Western Conference at bay for now. Curry scored 41 points, to go along with 13 rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 24 shooting. Any doubts of the reigning MVP’s ability were erased just 24 hours later. Golden State shot 16 - of - 35 from deep, and bounced back in resilient fashion. Draymond Green is in a shooting slump, and although his one point in the contest is a cause for concern, his court vision and rebounding are certainly in tact, as he spaced the floor and totaled nine rebounds and 10 assists. Klay Thompson aided Curry in the scoring department and finished with 27 points, while Brandon Rush led the bench with 11 points on 3 - of - 5 shooting from behind the arc. The Magic were kept out of the game until Victor Oladipo’s hero effort fell just short in the scorching hot fourth quarter. Down double figures through most of the game, Oladipo rallied his unit with the help of Evan Fournier and Brandon Jennings to outscore the Warriors 36 - 25 in the final period. Oladipo pulled the game within two points after driving the lane for a nice finish at the rim and following up with two free throws on the next possession, but the splash brothers were having none of the Orlando comeback, as Thompson buried a three pointer and Curry sank a pair of clutch free throws. Oladipo finished with 19 points, nine rebounds and eight assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting, while Fournier and Aaron Gordon both totaled 20 points each. Brandon Jennings put forth one of his best performances with his newest team, scoring 20 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting in 24 minutes off the bench. The Magic will play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers (13 - 51) on Tuesday, while the Warriors will host the Utah Jazz (29 - 33) on Wednesday.
