The Houston Rockets (7 - 10) defeated the New York Knicks (8 - 10) 116 - 111 in overtime on Sunday. The Knicks learned before the game that Carmelo Anthony would miss the contest with an illness, setting the stage for additional offensive responsibility for offseason acquisition Arron Afflalo. The veteran shooting guard resoundingly answered the bell, posting a season - high and game - high 31 points on an outstanding 13 - of - 19 shooting performance. Six of those points came in the extra period, as the Knicks pulled even with the Rockets at 111 before Houston was able to pull away. Afflalo's effort was part of a remarkable 58 percent shooting night for the Knicks, which notably accomplished the feat in Anthony's absence. The stellar accuracy rate from the field also was considerably better than the victorious Rockets' 45 percent figure. Kristaps Porzingis supported Afflalo's stellar performance with a huge double - double that consisted of 20 points and 13 rebounds, along with an assist, a steal and a pair of blocks. Lance Thomas also turned in a solid game in a spot start in Anthony's stead, amassing 15 points and three rebounds. However, Jose Calderon (seven points, five rebounds, four assists and a steal) and Robin Lopez (scoreless over 15 minutes, with three rebounds, two assists and a block) could not do much to support New York's offensive cause. Kevin Seraphin paced the Knicks' bench with a 14 - point, seven - rebound outing, his second consecutive double - digit scoring game. Derrick Williams also represented the reserves well, managing 12 points and four rebounds. The Knicks fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They next face the Sixers in a home tilt on Wednesday. Although James Harden once again paced the Rockets' offense with 26 points, seven rebounds and nine assists, it was clutch three - pointers by Marcus Thornton and Trevor Ariza in the fourth quarter and overtime, respectively, that helped guarantee a hard - fought victory. Thornton led Houston's bench with 18 points, an assist and a steal, and drained a long - range bucket with 32 seconds left in regulation to knot the score at 101. Ariza assisted on another Thornton trey in overtime, and then sank his own shot from beyond the arc with 1:12 left in the extra period to close out a 16 - point, seven - rebound night that also included an assist and a pair of steals. Clint Capela put forward another outstanding effort in a spot start in place of Terrence Jones, posting an 18 - point, 11 - rebound double - double, his second consecutive and third in his last four games. Dwight Howard was the fourth Houston starter to tally double - digit scoring, collecting 14 points and hauling in six boards. The Rockets improved to 7 - 10 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to Detroit for a Monday matchup against the Pistons.
