The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Philadelphia 76ers, 111 - 103, at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday. The Spurs (40 - 12) have undoubtedly observed that the Sixers (18 - 34) seem to be a different team from seasons past, when their presence on a schedule almost guaranteed a win. Philadelphia has been most effective at home, where they've managed a 12 - 15 record. It was therefore no surprise that it took double - digit scoring from all five San Antonio starters and success rates of over 50 percent from the field and three - point range for the visitors to tough out a win. The Spurs were unable to truly separate from their hosts at any point, as the Sixers battled impressively despite the continued absence of Joel Embiid. San Antonio also was buoyed by the return of Kawhi Leonard, who had missed Monday's contest against the Grizzlies with a quad injury. Leonard led the way for San Antonio with 32 points, six rebounds and five assists. Tony Parker followed with 18 points, five assists and a rebound. LaMarcus Aldridge posted a 15 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of blocks. Danny Green poured in 11 points and supplemented them with three rebounds and a pair of steals. Dewayne Dedmon supplied a 10 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a block. Davis Bertans led the bench with nine points, one rebound and one assist. Dario Saric and Jahlil Okafor turned in matching 20 - point efforts to pace the Sixers. The former added three assists and one rebound, while the latter registered eight boards and a pair of blocks. Robert Covington stepped up with 18 points, six rebounds, one assist and two steals. Nik Stauskas was back on the bench but contributed 16 points, seven rebounds and seven assists over 32 minutes. Ersan Ilyasova chipped in 11 points, three assists, two rebounds and one steal. The Spurs next head to the Motor City where they'll take on the Detroit Pistons on Friday night, while the Sixers head to Central Florida for a date with the Orlando Magic on Thursday evening.
