The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Philadelphia 76ers,104 - 99, in double overtime at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday. A back - and - forth affair that nevertheless saw limited offense from both clubs went into the first extra period after the Sixers' Robert Covington missed the second of two free throws with 11 seconds remaining, which left the game knotted at 86. Marc Gasol then missed a potential game - winning 25 - foot three - point jumper with four seconds remaining in regulation. The two teams experienced a scoreless drought of over two minutes midway through the first overtime after a Mike Conley trey gave the Grizzlies (10 - 5) an 89 - 86 lead. However, Jerryd Bayless scored the last five points of the fifth quarter, sending the contest into the second overtime in a 91 - 91 tie. Memphis was finally able to pull away for good with contributions from Zach Randolph, Gasol and Conley over the final five minutes, sealing their 10th victory of the season. Gasol paced the visitors with 27 points, four rebounds, four assists, three blocks and three steals. Mike Conley posted a near triple - double with 25 points, nine rebounds, nine assists and two steals. The two stars combined for exactly half of the team's total and each played a whopping 45 minutes. JaMychal Green managed a 10 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block. Randolph led the reserves with 11 points, six rebounds, an assist, two blocks and a steal. The Sixers (4 - 11) were led by Ersan Ilyasova, who supplied a 22 - point, 12 - rebound double - double before fouling out after 40 minutes. Covington was next with a 19 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that included two assists, three steals and three blocks. Joel Embiid made it three - for - three in the double - double department for the first unit, registering 12 points, 11 rebounds, three assists, three blocks and a steal. Bayless paced the second unit with 18 points, six rebounds and six assists, while Nik Stauskas logged a robust 40 minutes off the bench and contributed 10 points, five rebounds, four assists and a steal. The Grizzlies head back home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Friday evening, while the Sixers remain home and await the Chicago Bulls for a Friday night showdown of their own.
