The Memphis Grizzlies (41 - 30) defeated the Phoenix Suns (19 - 51) 103 - 97 at Talking Stick Arena on Monday. The Grizzlies are banged up, but they are still finding ways to pull out tough victories and hold on to the 5 - seed in the Western Conference. The Suns would normally be an easy matchup for the physical Memphis style of play, but it took the backcourt some time to get warm before eventually closing out the game late in the fourth quarter. Phoenix was ahead for most of the first half, and extended a lead into double figures midway through the second quarter, however, they were unable to hold onto their lead with the game tied with under one minute remaining in regulation. Lance Stephenson put back a missed layup to take a two point lead, and the Grizzlies did the rest of their damage from the free throw line to close out. The Grizzlies recently signed Jordan Farmar to a 10 day contract, and the signing looked to be a positive one after Farmar saw 22 minutes off the bench and added 12 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting, including two clutch free throws down the stretch. Ray McCallum continues to see starting minutes, and although his shot selection was iffy (nine points on 3 - of - 10 shooting), he did complete seven assists and add two steals. Zach Randolph has become the go - to scorer for Memphis, and continued to be a monster on the glass, as he finished with 14 points and 13 rebounds. The aforementioned Stephenson led all Grizzlies scorers with 16 points. The Suns are amongst the bottom four teams in the league and will towards a lottery pick in the draft, but they played a spirited game, one which they were in control to win up until the final two minutes of play. Devin Booker and Brandon Knight continued their volume shooting, but they were far from efficient, as they combined for 31 points on 9 - of - 30 shooting. Turnovers proved to be the difference maker in the fourth quarter, where the Suns added two miscues in crunch time. Phoenix suffered another setback after Tyson Chandler (back) left Monday’s game with back spasms after logging two points and one rebound in 13 minutes of action. Both teams face the Los Angeles Lakers (14 - 55) next, as the Grizzlies visit Staples Center on Tuesday, while the Suns host Kobe Bryant and company on Wednesday.
