The Indiana Pacers (13 - 21) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks (17 - 17) 94 - 91 on Friday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee. Despite the Bucks finishing the third quarter up 68 - 66, the Pacers were able to out - score Milwaukee 28 - 23 in the final quarter to secure a close three - point victory in a tough conference road game. While both teams finished at 43 percent from the field, the Pacers were better from the three - point line, as they shot 40 percent from deep, while the Bucks shot just 29 percent. Roy Hibbert was a force in this one, as the Bucks did n't have much of an answer for him. Hibbert went 6 - for - 11 from the field and a perfect 6 - for - 6 from the free throw line to score 18 points, while also adding seven rebounds. Hibbert is only averaging 11 points so far this season, so it was good to see him heat up a little bit against a mostly inexperienced Bucks front line. The Pacers did receive a couple of big contributions off the bench. Leading all scorers, C.J. Miles went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 6 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 22 points in 32 minutes. He's now combined for 47 points over the last two games, as he's taken it upon himself to give the Pacers another proven scorer. Luis Scola also had an efficient game off the bench. He had 14 points (7 - 9 FG, 0 - 2 FT) and five rebounds in only 17 minutes. The only other Pacer to reach double figures in points was Rodney Stuckey, who had 11 points. The Bucks were led by Brandon Knight, as he went 9 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 20 points, while also adding seven assists and four steals. Knight continues to be one of the more reliable offensive threats for the Bucks and has now combined for 46 points over his last two outings. He's averaging 18 points and 5 assists on the year. Zaza Puchilia did everything he could to combat Hibbert. Pachulia finished with a double - double, posting 12 points and 14 rebounds. It was only his third double - double of the year. Also with a double - double, John Henson came off the bench for 14 points and 10 rebounds. Henson was very efficient as he did this in only 23 minutes. It was arguably his best game of the year considering he set season - highs in both points and rebounds. The Pacers' next game will be on the road against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday, while the Bucks will travel to New York to play the Knicks on Sunday.
