The Washington Wizards defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 114 - 110, in overtime at Barclays Center on Wednesday. The Nets (9 - 44) continue to sport the NBA's worst record, but that has n't deterred them from playing hard in the majority of recent games. Such was the case again Wednesday, as Brooklyn battled back from a 59 - 49 halftime deficit to knot matters up at 100 with 41 seconds left on a Bojan Bogdanovic six - foot jumper. Bogdanovic, Trevor Booker and John Wall would go on to miss baskets before the clock hit double zeros, sending the game into overtime. The two teams continued to trade the lead for nearly the first four minutes of overtime before a pair of Otto Porter free throws with 1:21 remaining gave the Wizards (31 - 21) a lead they would n't relinquish. Wall and Bradley Beal would go on to sink a pair of baskets apiece from the charity stripe as well, providing Washington with the breathing room they needed to seal the win. Washington was led by Beal's 31 points, which he supplemented with six rebounds, two assists and two steals. Wall posted a 23 - point, 12 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds, two blocks and one steal. Porter provided a 20 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal. Marcin Gortat posted 14 points, 14 boards, one assist, one steal and one block. Jason Smith led the second unit with 15 points, eight rebounds and one steal. Bogdanovic paced the Nets with 21 points, five rebounds, four assists and two steals. Brook Lopez provided 20 points, six rebounds, four assists and two blocks. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson registered a 13 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and one steal. Booker continued to be highly productive off the bench, tallying a 14 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and one block. Sean Kilpatrick managed 10 points, four rebounds and two assists. The Wizards head back home to do battle with the Indiana Pacers on Friday night, while the Nets remain home to face off with the Miami Heat on Friday evening as well.
