The Boston Celtics hung on to defeat the host Atlanta Hawks, 103 - 101, at Phillips Arena on Friday evening. After a strong 28 - 18 first quarter, the Celtics let up a bit in the second, allowing the Hawks to pull within four points heading into halftime. The Celtics came out of the locker room firing on all cylinders and pushed the lead back up to 13 heading into the fourth. However, the Hawks were not done yet as they rallied back with a 34 - 23 run in the fourth quarter, capped off by a Paul Millsap jumper to tie the game up at 101, with 25 seconds to go. The Celtics had the answer though, in the form of a 5 - foot - 9 point guard, as Isaiah Thomas fearlessly knocked down a 19 - foot jumper, with two seconds remaining to give Boston the lead and ultimately seal the win. This marks the fifth win in six games for the Celtics (25 - 15), as they hang on tight to their third - place position in the Eastern Conference. Isaiah Thomas has been leading the charge all season and this game was no different, as he poured in 13 of his team - high 28 points in the fourth quarter. Thomas had help though, as Kelly Olynyk poured in a season - high 26 points on 9 - of - 11 shooting, in 32 minutes off the bench. Jae Crowder chipped in 18 points, while the only other Celtics player to score in double digits was Al Horford, who added 10. Horford had a relatively quiet game in his return to his old stomping ground, but the fact that his new team came away with the win is enough. The Celtics move to 13 - 9 on the road, and will head back home to play host to the Hornets on Monday. Meanwhile, the Hawks (22 - 17) saw their seven - game win streak come to an end, as the visiting Celtics stole one from them at home. Atlanta had five players score in double digits, including Tim Hardaway Jr. and Paul Millsap, who each finished with a team - high 23 points. Dwight Howard added 11 points and grabbed eight rebounds, while Malcolm Delaney added 17 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting, including 3 - of - 3 from long range, in 27 minutes off the bench. The Hawks move to 10 - 8 at home this season and will look to bounce back, as they play host to the Bucks on Sunday.
