The Houston Rockets (11 - 3) defeated the New York Knicks (4 - 11) 91 - 86 on Monday at the Toyota Center in Houston. With Carmelo Anthony leaving the game in the second quarter due to back spasms, the Knicks were unable to make a comeback after being down 51 - 46 at halftime. They were able to out - shoot the Rockets, as they went 46 percent from the field compared to the 42 percent of Houston, but with James Harden taking control in the final quarter, the Knicks were n't able to find an answer to steal a victory from the Rockets on the road. Harden was an absolute force on Monday. He shot a ridiculous 11 - for - 22 from the field and 7 - for - 12 from the three - point line to finish with a season - high of 36 points, while also adding six rebounds and six assists. In the past three games, Harden has now scored 92 points, as he continues to make his case for this season's MVP award. Harden did receive a little help though. With Terrence Jones out for at least another three or four weeks, Donatas Motiejunas continued to take his place and scored 13 points (6 - 12 FG, 1 - 2 3Pt), while grabbing eight rebounds. Trevor Ariza was the only other Rocket to reach double figures in points as he finished with 10. He seemed to struggle with his shot though, as he went only 3 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line. Despite having three starters out with injury, the Rockets still secured the victory. The Knicks really struggled to find any offense with Anthony leaving during the second quarter. Despite playing only 18 minutes, Anthony led the team in points with 14. Jose Calderon led all other starters with nine points and five assists. He shot 3 - for - 7 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line in only his second game of the season since returning from injury. The Knicks did receive 49 points from the bench in this matchup, though spread out between many players. Travis Wear led all bench scorers with nine points (4 - 7 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) in 17 minutes. Amare Stoudemire, Shane Larkin, J.R. Smith and Pablo Prigioni all had eight points off the bench as well. The Rockets' next game will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday, while the Knicks will travel to Dallas to play the Mavericks on Wednesday.
