The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Houston Rockets, 128 - 120, at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday. Despite LeBron James' well - earned reputation as the linchpin of the Cavs' attack, Kyrie Irving has n't been a particularly bad second option as a source of scoring. This season, it's been Irving who's taken the reins of the offense over the first four games for Cleveland (40), and this was once again on display in what turned out to be a shootout against the James Harden and the Rockets (2 - 2). The All-Star point guard went for a team - high 32 points and added four assists and two rebounds. As has been the case in each contest, Irving was highly efficient with his shots, draining 10 of 19 attempts from the field overall and finding the net on four of his six three - point tries. Factoring in Tuesday's production, the sixth - year pro has a stellar 54 percent (15 - for - 28) success rate from behind the arc over the first four games. His red - hot shooting helped the Cavs shoot 52 and 50 percent from the field and three - point range, respectively. Houston was led by a 41 - point effort from Harden, which also included 15 assists, seven rebounds and a steal. The former two - guard has taken well to his new spot manning the point, already averaging 12 assists per game while still maintaining a scoring average of 35 points. Eric Gordon was a distant second with 16 points, three assists, two rebounds and two steals. Ryan Anderson shot well from long distance but not overall, totaling 12 points, four rebounds and an assist. While the stretch - four sank four of seven three - point attempts, he was 0 - for - 5 from in front of the arc. Trevor Ariza contributed 11 points, two assists and a rebound, while Nene Hilario paced the reserves with 13 points, five rebounds, four assists and a block. Kevin Love, whose play often goes under the radar given the typical efforts of Irving and James, continued his strong start to the season with 24 points, five boards, two steals and a block. James tallied a 19 - point, 13 - rebound double - double and complemented it with eight assists. After a pair of eight - point outings to start the season, J.R. Smith went for double digits in the scoring column for the second straight game, collecting 15 points, three rebounds and two assists. Tristan Thompson contributed 10 rebounds and the duo of Channing Frye and Mike Dunleavy supplied a pair of 11 - point tallies from the bench. The Rockets now travel to New York for a Wednesday night tussle with the Knicks, while the Cavs remain home and await the Boston Celtics for a Thursday night showdown.
