The Washington Wizards defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 117 - 110, at Verizon Center on Sunday. The contest was a battle of two surging squads, with the Clippers (20 - 8) having checked in to Sunday on a four - game win streak, and the Wizards (12 - 14) having prevailed in four of their previous five contests as well. The high - scoring affair was befitting of two teams on the rise, and was tightly - contested through all four quarters. Ultimately, Bradley Beal's season - high 41 points, which came on the strength of a 13 - of - 23 shooting tally from the field, as well as a 6 - of - 10 mark from three - point range, was too much for the visitors to overcome. Markieff Morris had the hot hand for Washington as well, going 10 - of - 17 from the floor on his way to 23 points. The two stellar offensive efforts led to impressive success rates of 53 percent and 53 percent from the field and three - point range, respectively, for the hosts. The Clippers saw Blake Griffin's 26 points lead the way, a total he supplemented with seven rebounds, seven assists and a steal. J.J. Redick checked in a rather distant second with 17 points and a rebound. Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan turned in a pair of 13 - point performances that were part of double - doubles. Paul also dished out 12 assists and recorded four rebounds and a pair of steals, while Jordan hauled in 17 boards, handed out two assists and posted a block. Mareese Speights led the second unit with 14 points, while Austin Rivers, back on the bench due to the surprising return of Luc Mbah a Moute from a shoulder injury, contributed 13 points. Beal added three rebounds, three assists and a steal to his aforementioned game - high scoring haul. Morris supplemented his 23 points with nine rebounds, three assists, three steals and a block. John Wall registered an 18 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also featured five rebounds, a steal and a block. Otto Porter and Marcin Gortat contributed matching nine - point tallies, with the former adding four rebounds, two assists and three steals, and the latter supplying seven rebounds, a steal and two blocks. The Clippers head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday, while the Wizards travel to Indiana for a Monday evening date with the Pacers.
