The Indiana Pacers (11 - 5) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (2 - 14) 107 - 103 on Sunday. The Pacers received more than they likely bargained for from a feistly Lakers squad that perhaps played with a bit more fire than usual, following Kobe Bryant's announcement earlier in the day confirming his retirement at season's end. The perennial All-Star appropriately generated some late - game excitement with a clutch three - point shot that closed the deficit for the home team to 104 - 103 with 12 seconds left, but Paul George was able to seal the victory for the Pacers by draining three out of four free - throws in the final 10 seconds. It was fitting that George clinched the hard - fought win, considering that he spearheaded Indiana's offensive attack once again with 39 points, four rebounds, an assist and a pair of steals over 37 minutes. It marked the third consecutive game that the standout forward has been at 33 points or better, including a 40 - point outing. The backcourt duo of George Hill and Monta Ellis also made solid contributions, with both guards posting double - digit scoring performances. Hill amassed 11 points and complemented it with six rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals, while Ellis pitched in 15 points, six assists and a block. After an up - and - down start to his Pacers tenure, Ellis has now posted double - digit scoring in seven of his last eight games. C.J. Miles had a quiet outing by his recent standards, pouring in only nine points, and Ian Mahinmi rounded out the starting five's contributions with eight points and 10 boards in another solid game. Rodney Stuckey paced the Indiana reserves with 11 points, seven rebounds and a pair of assists. The Pacers improved to 11 - 5 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They remain in Los Angeles to face off with the Clippers on Wednesday. Outside of his brief moment of fourth - quarter glory, Bryant turned in another absolutely forgettable shooting effort. He shot only 20 percent from the field, needing all of 20 shots to reach his final output of 13 points. He also added four rebounds, three assists and a steal. Meanwhile, Bryant's heir apparent at his old shooting guard spot, Jordan Clarkson, continued his recent strong play with an outstanding 22 - point, 10 - rebound double - double. Julius Randle, another one of the young stars giving Lakers' brass and fans hope for the future, tallied his third double - double in the last five games with 11 points and 12 rebounds, with all but one of those boards coming on the defensive glass. D'Angelo Russell continued his inconsistent shooting performances, totaling eight points on 4 - of - 11 from the field, and adding seven rebounds and a trio of assists. Roy Hibbert turned in a serviceable effort at the center spot, collecting eight points and hauling in nine boards. Nick Young surprisingly tied Clarkson for the team scoring lead with an unexpected 22 - point night off the bench, following four consecutive games in which he'd only mustered single - digit point totals. The Lakers fell to 2 - 13 and currently reside in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Tuesday.
