The Los Angeles Lakers (4 - 21) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks (10 - 16) 113 - 95 on Tuesday. After Milwaukee beat the undefeated Golden State Warriors in their most recent game, fans hoped they came out of their slump. Clearly not, as the Lakers handled them here in a blowout win. The Lakers had a 20 - point lead after three quarters and this game was well out of hand before the final buzzer. The rebounding was the big difference, as the Lakers grabbed 52 to Milwaukee's 38. The free - throw shooting was a huge disparity as well, as the Lakers hit 21 - of - 25 while the Bucks went just 11 - for - 20. Milwaukee was coming off one of their biggest wins in team history, but it doesn’t matter much anymore after losing to a four - win Lakers team. They still want 1 - 1 in those two games like everyone expected and that win means almost nothing now. This team continues to play poorly on both ends and there doesn’t seem to be a light at the end of the tunnel. Michael Carter-Williams was the lone bright spot in this game, as he tallied 19 points, five rebounds and five assists off the bench. They did have to play this game without Greg Monroe and that left them with very little post presence. Monroe missed the game due to some knee soreness and his status is up in the air for Milwaukee's next game against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday. The Lakers have been struggling mightily all season, but this was a great all - around performance. Seven players scored in double - figures with Kobe Bryant leading the team with 22 points. The bench was espcially good, as youngsters Julius Randle and D'Angelo Russell both played well here. Randle recorded a 14 point - 14 rebound double - double, while Russell amassed 19 points, seven assists and four rebounds. It's rare to see this Lakers team hit on all cylinders like this, but it's a good sight for Los Angeles fans. They'll look to build off this rare win, when they take in the Houston Rockets on Thursday in their next scheduled game.
