The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New York Knicks, 108 - 107, at Madison Square Garden on Monday afternoon. Both teams came into the game with notable changes to their respective starting lineups. Atlanta (24 - 17) gave Dwight Howard the afternoon off for rest, which slid Paul Millsap over to center and Thabo Sefolosha to power forward, as Mike Muscala was unavailable due to an ankle injury suffered Sunday. Meanwhile, the Knicks (18 - 24) replaced Courtney Lee with Ron Baker at the two - guard spot, and brought Mindaugas Kuzminskas into the starting five as well with Lance Thomas unavailable due to a broken orbital bone and possible concussion brought about by a Jonas Valanciunas elbow a day prior. Carmelo Anthony shifted to power forward in place of Kristaps Porzingis, who was once again absent due to his sore Achilles. The personnel shifts did n't affect the quality of play in the least, and in fact, may have enhanced it. The two teams engaged in an entertaining back - and - forth battle that was n't decided until the final seconds, when a Joakim Noah shot attempt failed to find the net. Dennis Schroder, who had endured a rough couple of games coming in to Monday, had given the Hawks what would be their final margin of victory with a 25 - foot three - pointer jumper with 22 seconds remaining. A revitalized Schroder led Atlanta with 28 points overall, a total he supplemented with three rebounds and three assists. Tim Hardaway, Jr. checked in second with 20 points, four assists, three rebounds and a steal. Millsap was effective at the five, posting 17 points, seven rebounds, six assists, three steals and three blocks. Kent Bazemore followed up a strong Sunday showing with 16 points, six rebounds, five assists and a steal. Kris Humphries got extra run off the bench with Muscala out and led the second unit with 14 points, seven boards, an assist and a steal. The Knicks were paced by Carmelo Anthony, who went off for 30 points, seven rebounds, two assists and a steal. Derrick Rose followed with a near double - double consisting of 18 points, nine assists, four rebounds, a steal and a block. Kuzminskas supplied 14 points, five rebounds, two assists and a pair of steals. Noah registered a modest seven points but hauled in 17 boards, while also providing three assists, two blocks and a steal. Justin Holiday led the bench with 11 points and four rebounds. The Hawks continue on the road and next head to the Motor City, where they'll face the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night. The Knicks make the short trip to Boston to tangle with the Celtics that same evening.
