The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the host San Antonio Spurs, 110 - 106, at AT & T Center on Wednesday. While San Antonio was expected to win this game easily, this ended up being one of the tightest games of the season. In fact, there were 10 ties and 21 lead changes in total, as neither team led by more than seven points. The Spurs dominated the statistics, as they won the shooting, rebounding, assisting and block differentials. Free-throw shooting really boosted Portland, as they went 25 - of - 28, while San Antonio went just 11 - of - 15 from the charity stripe. The Trail Blazers also took care of business through transition baskets, winning the fastbreak differential, 17 - 10. The Blazers (30 - 37) need to win almost every game to achieve a playoff berth and this road victory was one of the biggest of the season. Damian Lillard led the way for Portland, as he collected 36 points, three rebounds and four assists. C.J. McCollum finished with 26 points, four rebounds and four assists. Jusuf Nurkic amassed 16 points, nine rebounds, three assists and four steals. On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday. The Spurs (52 - 15) are competing for the number - one seed in the west and this loss will clearly hurt that pursuit. Kawhi Leonard did all he could for San Antonio, as he led the team with 34 points, nine rebounds, six assists, three steals and two blocks. LaMarcus Aldridge returned from a heart issue to total 19 points, seven rebounds and four assists. Patty Mills started for Tony Parker and produced 13 points, three rebounds and six assists. David Lee and Pau Gasol both scored in double figures off the bench, as they each provided 12 points and five rebounds a piece. The Spurs will look to play better on Saturday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies. This win for Portland snapped a five - game losing streak against San Antonio in this series and got them within two games of the Denver Nuggets for the eight - seed in the west.
