The Oklahoma City Thunder (16 - 9) held off the Utah Jazz (10 - 12) 104 - 98 in an overtime thriller on Sunday. This was a a very close game throughout, until the overtime. Oklahoma City scored eight unanswered points and held the Jazz to just two points in the extra five minutes. The worst part about that is that the one basket for Utah came with less than 10 seconds left, as the Thunder allowed a meaningless uncontested layup. Kevin Durant was the hero, as he tallied 29 points after the halftime buzzer. The free - throw shooting was a huge disparity as well, as the Thunder shot 90 percent on 30 attempts, while the Jazz shot 60 percent on 12 attempts. Utah has played this Oklahoma City team tough twice in a row now, but just couldn’t come away with a win in either game. They lost both games close despite hanging around and just could n't hit any late baskets to pull off a big win. The offense and late game execution is really hurting this team right now and even with their stifling defense, they simply do n't score enough to win against teams as good as this. Three players scored at least 20 points tonight, as Gordon Hayward, Rodney Hood and Alec Burks all played well. It doesn’t get much easier, as the Jazz will travel to San Antonio to take on a Spurs team that is undefeated at home this season. The Thunder have now won nine of their last 11 games and their two superstars are playing brilliantly right now. Durant was white - hot here, catching fire in the second half for 29 points. He finished the game with 31 points, five rebounds and six assists in the win. Russell Westbrook was great as well, as he accumulated 25 points, 11 rebounds and five assists. Serge Ibaka had just seven points and seven rebounds, but recorded six blocks and made some huge stuffs at the end to seal the win. When all three of these guys are playing their roles to perfection, it's hard to see anyone keeping up with them. Oklahoma City will look to keep this hot stretch going against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday.
