The Toronto Raptors (20 - 13) defeated the Washington Wizards (14 - 16) 94 - 91 on Wednesday. The Wizards have considerably struggled throughout the season defending opposing shooting guards. This surprisingly held true when Bradley Beal, who has a good reputation on the defensive side of the ball, was healthy, and has persisted while he's been sidelined over the last two - plus weeks with a lower leg problem. The deficiency reared its ugly head again Wednesday against one of the top two - guards in the NBA. DeMar DeRozan led all scorers with 34 points, and added six rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocks. He drained 17 of those in the first half, a total that partially consisted of a perfect 8 - for - 8 performance at the free - throw line. He preserved the pristine effort from the charity stripe in the second half, finishing 15 - for - 15 for the game. The visitors were led by Otto Porter, Jr., who tallied 20 points, nine rebounds and a pair of assists, his second straight 20 - point - plus outing. John Wall followed with yet another double - double, managing 19 points and adding 11 assists. He also produced seven rebounds, five steals and a block in a terrific all - around effort. It was Wall's seventh straight double - double, as he continued his stellar play during Beal's extended absence. Jared Dudley (17 points) and Marcin Gortat (12 points, nine rebounds) also made solid contributions, while Ramon Sessions was highly efficient in pacing the Wizards bench with 11 points, seven rebounds and four assists. The Wizards dropped to 14 - 16 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They will head home to face the Orlando Magic on New Year's Day. With respect to the Raptors starters, it was essentially DeRozan and not a whole lot else. Kyle Lowry (11 point, six assists, three rebounds, two steals) was the only other front - line player that amassed double - digit scoring, while Terrence Ross and Bismack Biyombo were both outstanding off the bench. Ross collected 14 points and six rebounds while Biyombo produced a double - double in his first game back in a reserve role, tallying 12 points and hauling in 12 boards. The man that he'd been replacing while he healed from a broken hand, Jonas Valanciunas, posted eight points and nine rebounds. The Raptors improved to 20 - 13 and continue atop the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a New Year's Day showdown against the Charlotte Hornets.
