The Dallas Mavericks defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers, 101 - 89, at Staples Center on Thursday. In a battle between a young team and a veteran bunch, the elders were able to escape with a much needed victory. It was the third quarter in which the Mavericks took control, as they outscored the Lakers, 31 - 13, after trailing by double - digits in the first half. Strangely enough, there was only one tie and two lead changes, as that one momentum swing was extremely decisive. The Dallas offense was on point, as they shot 49 percent from the field, 79 percent from the free - throw line and 45 percent from three - point range. They also dominated the rebounding and assists, as they won the rebounding differential, 42 - 34 and the assist battle, 24 - 15. Dallas (10 - 23) had just three road wins coming into this matchup, but they showed some serious fight in the second half to get that tally to four. Deron Williams was the catalyst of the offense, as he dished out 11 assists to go along with his eight points before fouling out in the final seconds. Harrison Barnes went just 6 - of - 17 from the field, but finished with 17 points, nine rebounds and four assists in the win. Wesley Matthews led the team in scoring, as he dropped 20 points to add to his six boards. Devin Harris and Dwight Powell came off the bench to score 14 points a piece.The Mavericks have a tough task ahead of them, as they play the Golden State Warriors on Friday for their next game. Los Angeles (12 - 24) continues to falter, as they've now lost 13 of their last 15 games. Julius Randle led the team in scoring, as he accrued 18 points, four rebounds and three assists. Nick Young was lights out shooting, as he scored 17 points on 5 - of - 6 from three - point range. D'Angelo Russell went just 5 - of - 15 from the field, but accumulated 15 points, four rebounds and six assists. Jordan Clarkson and Lou Williams combined for 25 points off the bench. The Lakers will return to action on Sunday in a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors. This marks the Mavericks 12th - straight win over the Lakers.
