The Detroit Pistons (11 - 9) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks (7 - 13) 102 - 95 on Friday. The game featured another entertaining showdown between two of the best rebounding centers in the NBA, Greg Monroe and Andre Drummond. Monroe posted a second double - double in two tries against his former Pistons teammates, tallying 14 points and 13 rebounds. However, Drummond responded with 17 points and a massive 23 boards. Despite the Detroit big man's individual statistical superiority over his former frontcourt mate, Milwaukee easily won the overall battle down low, tallying 50 points in the paint (compared to Detroit's 34) and outrebounding them 51 to 46. The Bucks were led by Khris Middleton's 21 points, and the Milwaukee guard added five rebounds and three assists. O.J. Mayo bounced back from a nightmarish two - point performance Wednesday to total a season - high 13 points, along with five rebounds, four assists and a steal. Giannis Antetokounmpo came within a rebound of a double - double, collecting 12 points and hauling in nine boards. Jerryd Bayless ironically could not muster the same type of production in a start as compared to when he comes off the bench, totaling nine points, five assists and three rebounds. Jabari Parker paced the Bucks' bench, amassing 10 points and five rebounds. Milwaukee fell to 7 - 13 and remains in last place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They head home for a Saturday showdown with Knicks. In addition to Drummond's mammoth outing, the Pistons greatly benefited from a pair of 23 - point efforts from Reggie Jackson and Marcus Morris. The former complemented his scoring with five assists, a rebound and a steal, while the latter added to his second consecutive 20 - point performance with four rebounds, three assists and a steal. Veteran forward Ersan Ilyasova, apparently beginning to hit his stride offensively, posted his third consecutive double - digit scoring game (13 points). Stanley Johnson led the Pistons reserves with 10 points. Detroit improved to 11 - 9 but remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They remain home for a date with the Lakers on Sunday.
