The Indiana Pacers defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 106 - 97, at Barclays Center on Friday. The Pacers (27 - 22) came in to Friday's game heading in the right direction, as they'd tallied four straight victories. With losses in their previous seven contests, the Nets (9 - 41) looked like viable candidates to facilitate an extension of that streak. Indiana wasted no time in establishing the tone, jumping out to a 27 - 16 lead after one quarter. Brooklyn battled back to make matters close over the balance of the contest, but the Pacers defense was too much for the home team to overcome. Indiana held the Nets to sub - 40 - percent success rates from the field and three - point range, while also eliciting 19 turnovers. Paul George and Jeff Teague co - led the Pacers with matching 24 - point efforts, with the former adding 11 rebounds, three assists, three blocks and two steals, and Teague providing seven assists, three rebounds and three steals. Myles Turner played a complementary role on the night, registering 11 points, four rebounds, one assist and three blocks. Thaddeus Young turned in a near double - double with 10 points, nine rebounds, three assists, four steals and two blocks. C.J. Miles poured in nine points, while Al Jefferson led the bench with 11 points and five boards. The Nets saw their starting five considerably underperform, with Brook Lopez's team - high 23 points serving as the only double - digit scoring effort on the first unit. The big man added six rebounds, an assist and a block. The bench made up for some of the shortfall with a combined 63 points. Sean Kilpatrick led the second unit with 18 points, five rebounds and four assists. Joe Harris stepped up with 15 points, two rebounds and three steals. Spencer Dinwiddie chipped in with 13 points, four rebounds, an assist and a block. Quincy Acy and Trevor Booker turned in matching eight - point efforts as reserves as well. Caris LaVert (four points), Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (four points), Randy Foye (three points) and Isaiah Whitehead (zero points) were the aforementioned guilty parties on the first unit. The Pacers head back home to face the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night, while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday afternoon.
