The Washington Wizards defeated the Chicago Bulls, 101 - 99, at Verizon Center on Tuesday. The Bulls (19 - 20), which play a total of five games this week, announced before the game that both Jimmy Butler (illness) and Dwyane Wade (rest) would sit out Tuesday's contest, which automatically made them a sizable underdog on the road against a Wizards (19 - 18) squad that was at full strength. However, it was clear from the onset that Chicago had a different mindset, as they walloped their hosts by a 36 - 26 margin in the first quarter. They maintained their advantage through the second period, leading to a 61 - 48 halftime edge. However, intermission must have served as a wake - up call for Washington, which roared out of the gates in the third quarter and doubled up their feisty visitors, 32 - 16. Ultimately, however, it all came down to the best player on the court, John Wall. The Wizards' point guard led all scorers with 26 points, and his 16 - foot basket with five seconds remaining snapped a 99 - 99 deadlock and provided the home team with the final margin of victory. Chicago was paced by Denzel Valentine, who went for 19 points, two rebounds, two assists and two steals in 30 minutes off the bench. Robin Lopez and Michael Carter-Williams followed with matching 14 - point efforts, with the former providing six rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block, and the latter supplying seven rebounds, two assists and two steals. Bobby Portis offered 13 points, seven boards and a steal, while Rajon Rondo totaled 12 points, six assists, four rebounds and three steals in 27 minutes, his most extensive game action in some time. Wall added 14 assists, six rebounds, a steal and a block to his aforementioned scoring total. Bradley Beal and Markieff Morris each went for 19 points, and Otto Porter, Jr. registered 11 points, two rebounds, two assists, two steals and a block. Marcin Gortat posted a 10 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included a steal and a block. Jason Smith led the second unit with seven points, six rebounds and three blocks. The Bulls will next visit the New York Knicks on Thursday evening, while the Wizards head to Beantown for a Wednesday night date with the Boston Celtics.
