The Dallas Mavericks (3 - 3) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans (0 - 6) 107 - 98 on Saturday. Dwight Powell continues to put together strong efforts for the Mavericks off the bench and has become a vital part of Dallas’ big man rotation. Powell tallied 15 points, seven rebounds, an assist, and a block over a highly efficient 26 minutes on the floor. It marked the third consecutive game Powell has posted double - digit scoring, and fourth time in six outings overall this season. Anthony Davis didn’t exactly duplicate his dominant double - double from Friday night (43 points, 10 rebounds), but did more than his share with 25 points, six rebounds, four assists, a steal and two blocks. However, as has often been the case this season, help from the rest of the starters was hard to come by. Eric Gordon, who’s been the Pelicans’ second most consistent source of scoring, did post his third consecutive performance with at least 20 points, amassing 21 points and chipping in five boards, four assists and a steal. Ryan Anderson turned in one of his typically solid nights off the bench, posting 21 points of his own over 35 minutes. With only fellow reserve Toney Douglas being the only other Pelican to reach double figures (11 points), New Orleans remained winless despite having held a 48 - 42 halftime lead. The Pelicans dropped to 0 - 6 and reside in last place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division. They head home for another tilt with the Mavericks in New Orleans on Tuesday. In addition to Powell’s solid contributions, several Dallas starters were able to post strong games to help the Mavs overtake and subsequently pull away from the Pelicans in the second half. Veterans Deron Williams (19 points) posted his best scoring night to date in a Mavs uniform, and Dirk Nowitzki (18 points) turned in an admirable performance against Anthony Davis. Wesley Matthews (13 points) also reached a high - water mark in scoring with his new team, rounding out a balanced offensive effort for Dallas. The Mavs improve to 3 - 3 on the season and reside in second place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division. They now travel to New Orleans for a Tuesday rematch on the Pelicans’ home court.
