The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Denver Nuggets, 125 - 109, at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday. The Cavaliers (37 - 16) have had their share of struggles in recent weeks, but have maintained their stellar home record. Cleveland checked in to Saturday with 22 victories in 27 tilts at Quicken Loans Arena, and with an injury - hampered Nuggets (24 - 30) squad on tap, they went into the game as heavy favorites. LeBron James and Kyrie Irving insured that they did n't squander the opportunity, leading the way with matching 27 - point efforts. The Cavs were excellent on both ends of the floor, posting success rates of 55 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range, while limiting Denver to respective tallies of 40 and 34 in those categories. Nikola Jokic stepped up as usual for the Nuggets, pacing them with a 27 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two blocks. Gary Harris was next with 16 points, three rebounds, a steal and a block. Jamal Murray matched Harris' scoring total while leading the second unit, and he added an assist and a steal. Wilson Chandler drew another start for Danilo Gallinari (groin) and provided 13 points, six boards and an assist. Jameer Nelson filled out the stat sheet with 12 points, eight rebounds, eight assists and two steals. Will Barton was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points, four assists, three rebounds and one steal. Irving supplemented his aforementioned scoring total with five assists, four rebounds, one steal and one block. James dished out 12 assists, hauled in five rebounds and recorded a pair of steals. Kevin Love had a near double - double with 16 points, nine rebounds, five assists and one block. Tristan Thompson supplied a 13 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist, a steal and a block. Kyle Korver led the second unit with 14 points, five rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Nuggets head back home to do battle with the Golden State Warriors on Monday night, while the Cavaliers head to Minnesota to tangle with the Timberwolves on Tuesday evening.
