The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Milwaukee Bucks, 122 - 114, at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Friday evening. The Lakers (19 - 37) checked in to Friday's contest with only six road victories in 30 games away from Staples Center this season, so their chances of victory were n't exactly abundant against a Bucks (22 - 30) squad that had broken even at home over 26 contests. However, a 47 - point first quarter got the visitors off to a roaring start, and they maintained the hot hand from the field throughout. Los Angeles tallied success rates of 52 percent from the floor and 50 percent from three - point range, while their bench chipped in with a collective 58 points. The Bucks put forth a late surge that saw them post 30 points in the final period, but clutch free throws from Nick Young, D'Angelo Russell and Larry Nance, Jr. helped the Lakers hang on for the upside road win. Young led the way with 26 points, which he supplemented with four assists, two rebounds and two steals. Lou Williams paced the bench with 21 points, two assists, one rebound and one steal. Julius Randle was next with 15 points, seven rebounds, two assists and a steal. Russell provided 14 points, five assists, three boards and one steal. Ivica Zubac was productive as a reserve as well with 15 points, six rebounds, two assists and a block. Nance and Jordan Clarkson turned in matching 11 - point efforts off the bench, with the former adding five rebounds, three assists and one steal, while the latter dished out four dimes and recorded a steal. Giannis Antetokounmpo was the only Bucks starter to manage double - digit scoring, but he amassed enough points for at least two players. The Greek Freak went for 41 points, eight rebounds, six assists, three blocks and two steals. Malcolm Brogdon led the bench with 18 points, three assists, two rebounds and one steal. Michael Beasley turned in 15 points, five boards, two assists and one block. Thon Maker got first crack at the starting power forward job with Jabari Parker (knee) out for the season and turned in seven points, six rebounds and one assist. Tony Snell, John Henson and Matthew Dellavedova, the remaining three members of the first unit, combined for just 13 points. The Lakers head back to home to face off with the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday evening, while the Bucks head to Indiana to tangle with the Pacers on Saturday night.
