The Golden State Warriors defeated the Phoenix Suns 106 - 100 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday. The Warriors (2 - 1) rode their two biggest stars to victory, as Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry combined for 65 points on a 19 - for - 33 tally from the field. Durant has - - for the moment, at least - - taken the title of team MVP from Curry, as he's averaged 31 points over his first three contests in a Warriors uniform while playing between 37 and 39 minutes in each. Although Golden State struggled considerably from three - point range as a team - - managing only a 28 percent success rate - - Curry was lights out from beyond the arc, draining five of his eight long - distance attempts. Durant's 37 points led all scorers, a figure that he supplemented with four rebounds, four assists, four steals and a block. He also went to the charity stripe 16 times, converting all but one. Curry was next with 28 points, three assists and a rebound. Klay Thompson came up empty on six three - point tries but did manage 14 points, along with six rebounds, two assists and a block. Zaza Pachulia and Draymond Green only managed five points apiece, but hauled in 10 and 13 boards, respectively. Green also added nine assists and three blocks in 38 minutes. The Suns (0 - 3) had a curious stat sheet overall, one that was decidedly tipped towards T.J. Warren and Eric Bledsoe. Warren continues to thrive as a starter, tallying a team - high 26 points, along with six rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. The third - year pro has averaged 28 points over his last two games on 23 - of - 41 shooting. Bledsoe contributed 21 points, six assists, five rebounds and a steal. Tyson Chandler provided a modest eight points, but in typical fashion brought down 18 rebounds, and he also dished out an assist. Devin Booker's night was notable for his struggles from the field, as he was only able to muster seven points while finding the net on three of 12 shot attempts overall. Brandon Knight, the third member of the talented backcourt rotation, did n't fare much better with an identical shooting tally, but did pace the reserves with nine points, while adding three assists, a rebound and a pair of steals. The Warriors head to Portland for a potential shootout with the Blazers on Tuesday, while the Suns are in Los Angeles on Monday night to face the Clippers.
