The Oklahoma City Thunder (26 - 11) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 117 - 113 on Friday night. The prior results from this particular matchup would have indicated a Thunder blowout, but this was one of the most exciting games of the night. In fact, Oklahoma City won its first two games against the Lakers by a combined 75 points, but couldn’t slow them down here. The Thunder simply made some big plays late that carried them to a win with very little to differentiate the two teams. Both teams shot right around 50 percent from the field and the pace was incredible throughout. Oklahoma City is one of the three - best rebounding teams in the NBA and that was the difference here, as they recorded 45 boards to the Lakers 34. The Thunder made this game much closer than expected, but they still ended up with the win. Once again it was Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant who carried the torch for the Thunder. Westbrook flirted with a triple - double by amassing 36 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists in the win. Durant scored 24 points while snatching down seven rebounds as well. This marks Oklahoma City's fourth - straight road win and that's a great sign with their road struggles earlier in the season. The Thunder will look to keep the good times rolling on Sunday against the Portland Trail Blazers. The Lakers played much better here than most people expected and fans have to be encouraged with the recent play. Lou Williams was just majestic late in this game, as he scored 23 fourth quarter points en route to a career - high 44 points in the game. What was most impressive is that he went 15 - for - 15 from the free - throw line. Kobe Bryant also played very well, as he tallied 19 points, four rebounds and six assists. The bench was yet again a disappointment, as no player scored in double - figures. The best part about this loss was the fight that the Lakers showed, as they played hard throughout and battled against a team who killed them in their first two games. Los Angeles next game will be on Sunday against the Utah Jazz.
