The Detroit Pistons defeated the Los Angeles Lakers, 121 - 102, at Palace of Auburn Hills on Wednesday. The Pistons (25 - 28) have certainly had their share of ups and downs this season, but have recently been on a modest upswing, checking into Wednesday's contest as winners in three of their previous four games. Even through their struggles, their defense has largely been consistent, and such was the case again Wednesday. Detroit created a whopping 21 turnovers, while also limiting the Lakers (18 - 37) to 43 percent shooting overall. After a competitive first half, they clamped down in the third quarter, winning the period by a 36 - 20 margin and establishing the cushion they needed to seal a comfortable home win. The Lakers were led by matching 17 - point efforts from Julius Randle and Lou Williams, with the former also hauling in six rebounds and one assist, and the latter tallying two assists, one rebound and two steals. Brandon Ingram pitched in with 15 points, five assists and four rebounds. Jordan Clarkson totaled 12 points, a rebound and two steals over 22 minutes off the bench. Nick Young supplied nine points, two rebounds and a steal. Tarik Black posted eight points but also brought down 10 boards, dished out three assists and recorded one block. The Pistons were led by a 24 - point, 17 - rebound double - double from Andre Drummond that also included four blocks and a trio of steals. Jon Leuer was next with 20 points, three rebounds, three assists and one steal. Tobias Harris led the second unit with 19 points, five rebounds, one assist and one steal. Marcus Morris managed 14 points, six rebounds, three assists and one steal. Aron Baynes and Ish Smith turned in matching 10 - point efforts off the bench, with the former adding six rebounds and one block and the latter supplying seven assists, four rebounds and two steals. The Lakers continue their trek through the Midwest with a visit to the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday night, while the Pistons remain home to face the San Antonio Spurs on Friday evening as well.
