The Washington Wizards (11 - 5) defeated the Miami Heat (9 - 8) 107 - 86 on Monday at the Verizon Center in Washington. The Miami Heat really struggled to get in a rhythm in this one. They shot a dismal nine percent from the three - point line, while the Wizards got hot and shot 53 percent from beyond the arc. Washington was also able to out - rebound the Heat 42 - 33 giving them numerous second - chance opportunities and an advantage the Heat could n't match. The Wizards got another unexpected performance from Rasual Butler off the bench Monday. He shot 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 23 points in 33 minutes. The points matched a season - high for Butler, who's now scored 23 in two out of the last three games. John Wall was also big for the Wizards, as he scored 18 points, and handed out 13 assists. It was his ninth double - double of the season and he's now averaging 18 points and 9 assists on the season. Marcin Gortat notched a double - double of his own, as he recorded 15 points and 10 rebounds. It was his fourth in the last five games, as he was a big reason the Wizards finished with the rebounding advantage over the Heat. Despite most of the team struggling, Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade continued to stay consistent for the Heat. Bosh scored 21 points (9 - 14 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 5 FT) and grabbed eight rebounds, giving him his sixth straight game reaching the 20 - point mark. Wade shot 9 - for - 13 from the field and scored 20 points, without taking a three - pointer in 28 minutes of game action. In his second game back in the lineup after returning from injury, he again looked as if he's past the injuries that's hampered him throughout the early part of the season. The only other player to reach double figures in scoring for the Heat was Mario Chalmers, who came off the bench for 11 points in 30 minutes. The team was a combined 2 - for - 22 from behind the three - point, which would be tough for any team to overcome. The Wizards' next game will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday, while the Heat will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday.
