The Oklahoma City Thunder blew by the Golden State Warriors at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday Night, 133 - 105, to take a 2 - 1 series lead in the Western Conference finals. It was a big night for the dynamic duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, as the pair combined for 63 points and 16 rebounds. Westbrook neared triple - double territory, recording 30 points, 12 assists, and eight rebounds. Durant, meanwhile, posted one of the most efficient individual performances of the playoffs, going 10 - for - 15 from the field and hitting all 12 of his free - throw attempts. The win was a top - to - bottom team effort, however, as the Thunder were able to score 72 first half points and establish a 25 - point lead by the end of the second quarter. OKC also dominated on the glass, where the team held a 52 - 38 rebounding advantage. Overall, it was an emphatic victory for the Thunder to begin their two - game home stand. The Warriors, meanwhile, struggled mightily all night, proving unable to whittle away the massive lead established by the Thunder in the second quarter. MVP Steph Curry scored a team - high 24 points but also shot just 3 - for - 11 from three - point range and dished out just three assists. All-Star and Defensive Player of the Year runner - up Draymond Green had an even tougher time on Sunday night, going just 1 - for - 9 from the field, turning the ball over four times, and finishing with a team - worst plus/minus of - 43. Green also stirred controversy in the first half after being called for a flagarant 1 on OKC center Steven Adams. Green appeared to kick Adams in the groin in a fashion similar to that of Cleveland guard Dahntay Jones, who was suspended for an almost identical infraction in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Finals. Golden State struggled on the defensive end as a team all night, allowing the Thunder to shoot 50 percent from the field and record a whopping 133 points on the night. Game 4 will take place on Tuesday night, as Oklahoma City looks to take a 3 - 1 lead before hitting the road again.
