The Indiana Pacers (10 - 5) beat the Chicago Bulls (9 - 5) 104 - 92 on Friday. The Bulls have earned had a reputation as a gritty, blue - collar team that tends to dominate in the paint, with rebounders such as Pau Gasol and Joakim Noah often leading the way. However, the Indiana Pacers' performance Friday may be indicative of a changing of the guard in the Eastern Conference's Central Division, where both teams reside. The home team largely controlled matters down low, hauling in a collective 51 boards and scoring 42 of their 104 points in the paint, as compared to 28 for the Bulls. Point guard George Hill and reserve forward Lavoy Allen surprisingly spearheaded the Pacers' rebounding efforts with 10 apiece, and Ian Mahinmi (9) and Paul George (8) pitched in with strong board totals as well. Indiana's frontcourt had been particularly maligned early in the season, but Mahinmi appears to be settling in nicely as the unquestioned starting center, and players like Allen and George have been making consistently strong contributions around the basket as well. Hill could only muster six points to go along with the 10 rebounds, but others picked up the slack scoring - wise. George followed up a 40 - point outburst versus Washington on Tuesday with a 33 - point effort, while C.J. Miles continued his string of strong offensive showings with 16 points. Mahinmi and Monta Ellis rounded out a strong night for Indiana's starting five with 15 and 14 points, respectively. Allen poured in 12 to pace the Pacers' bench and tally his first double - double of the season. The Pacers improved to 10 - 5 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Lakers on Sunday. The Bulls were lead by Nikola Mirotic, who totaled a season - high 25 points to go along with seven rebounds, two assists and a block. Jimmy Butler (16 points, five rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocks) and Derrick Rose (10 points, six rebounds, five assists, a steal and a block) were the only other Chicago starters to manage double - digit scoring. Notably, Gasol totaled only nine points, marking his third single - digit scoring night of the season. He did manage 11 boards, giving him double - digit rebounds in five of his last six outings. Kirk Hinrich led the reserves with 11 points over 22 minutes. Chicago fell to 9 - 5 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They head home for a date with the Spurs on Monday.
