The Sacramento Kings (24 - 31) defeated the Denver Nuggets (22 - 35) 114 - 110 on Tuesday. A fast - paced, high - scoring affair befitting of both team's explosive offenses and equally vulnerable defenses effectively ended with a highlight defensive play from the best player on the court in DeMarcus Cousins. Although they entered the final period on the short end of a 91 - 77 score, Denver mounted an impressive rally that eventually saw them take a 104 - 103 lead on a three - pointer from D.J. Augustin with 4:5 remaining. The two teams traded the advantage and also drew even multiple times over nearly the next four minutes. After Sacramento managed to open up a slightly comfortable four - point lead, Nikola Jokic made a surprising three - pointer with 10 seconds remaining to close the deficit to a single point once again. Darren Collison made only one of two free throws following a take foul on him by Augustin, leaving Denver with nine seconds to tie or hit a likely game - winning trey. Darrell Arthur appeared to have a clear path to a tying layup after breaking free down court on the inbounds pass, but Cousins made a terrific play to strip the ball and secure the hard - fought victory. Cousins unsurprisingly led the way for the visitors with 39 points, nine rebounds, two assists, a steal and a pair of blocks. Rudy Gay was a distant second with a nevertheless solid 16 points, 10 rebounds, four assists, four steals and three blocks. While no other starter managed double - digit scoring, Rajon Rondo did hand out 12 assists, while two reserves had productive outings. Omri Casspi contributed a near double - double with 14 points, nine rebounds, two assists and a steal, while Willie Cauley-Stein pitched in with 10 points, five rebounds, an assist, a steal and two blocks. Collison and Marco Belinelli supplied a pair of nine - point efforts as well, with the former adding five assists, four rebounds and a steal. Sacramento remains in third place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division, and three and a half games behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets. They're home on Thursday to face off against the San Antonio Spurs. Denver's first unit was led by Danilo Gallinari's 17 points, but he could only add a rebound, an assist and a steal. Nikola Jokic filled out the stat sheet in much more impressive fashion, totaling 13 points, 13 boards, six assists and a pair of steals. Kenneth Faried tallied 13 points of his own, and also chipped in seven rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. Emmanuel Mudiay supplied 11 points, four assists, a steal and a block. Meanwhile, a Nuggets bench that impressively posted 52 points on the night was paced by 18 from Will Barton, which he complemented with six rebounds and four assists. Arthur had a solid 14 points, five rebounds, four assists and a pair of steals, his final rejected shot notwithstanding. Augustin and Joffrey Lauvergne registered a pair of 10 - point efforts, with the former adding three rebounds, four assists and a steal, and the latter hauling in six boards. The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They face off against the Clippers in Los Angeles on Thursday.
