The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 116 - 93, at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday. The Heat (20 - 30) came in to the contest searching for their nine straight victory in what has been a jaw - dropping hot streak. Standing in their way was a Hawks (28 - 21) squad that may have still been feeling some of the residual fatigue from their quadruple - overtime classic against the New York Knicks on Sunday afternoon. Miami certainly seemed like the fresher team, jumping out to a 29 - 22 first quarter lead, and increasing that edge to 62 - 47 by intermission. Although matters tightened up somewhat in the second half, the Heat's cushion was too much for Atlanta to overcome. The home team played well on both ends of the floor, tallying a 49 percent success rate from the floor while limiting their visitors to a 39 percent figure. They also elicited 15 turnovers from the Hawks, while limiting their highest individual score to a modest 14 points. Kent Bazemore mustered that total, and he supplemented it with an assist, two steals and a block. Dennis Schroder followed with 12 points, two assists, a rebound and a steal. Mike Dunleavy provided a bench - leading 11 points, which were accompanied by six rebounds. Tim Hardaway, Jr. supplied 10 points (on 2 - of - 9 shooting), four boards and a pair of assists. Paul Millsap, who'd played 60 minutes in Sunday's affair, totaled nine points, seven rebounds, two assists and two steals. Dwight Howard went for just six points but hauled in 11 rebounds. Dragic paced Miami with 27 points, five assists, five rebounds and a steal. Waiters was next with 20 points, seven rebounds, three assists, two steals and two blocks. Hassan Whiteside put together an 18 - point, 18 - rebound double - double that also included one steal and two blocks. James Johnson chipped in with 16 points, three assists, two rebounds, three blocks and a steal. Tyler Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points, five assists, three rebounds, two steals and two blocks. The Hawks get back on the road and head to Houston for a Thursday tilt with the Rockets, while the Heat are off until Saturday night when the Philadelphia 76ers come to town.
