The Detroit Pistons defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 121 - 85, at Phillips Arena on Friday. The Pistons (11 - 10) endured their share of offensive struggles in the early going of the season, including a recent stretch where they failed to hit the 100 - point mark in four of six contests. However, they've certainly gotten the hot hand over the last three contests, posting 112 points three games ago and a pair of 121 - point tallies in the two subsequent games. They were at it again Friday against a normally stingy Hawks defense, reaching the 121 - point milestone for a third straight outing while being led by Kentavious Caldwell-Pope. The talented two - guard posted 23 points, which included a 5 - of - 8 mark from beyond the arc, along with eight rebounds and a steal. The four other members of the starting five also got into double digits in the scoring column, and the Pistons managed impressive success rates of 54 and 59 percent from the field and three - point range, respectively. Tobias Harris followed KCP's output with 18 points, seven boards, two assists and two blocks. Andre Drummond supplied a 14 - point, 14 - rebound double - double that also featured two assists, a steal and a block. Marcus Morris collected 12 points, four rebounds and two assists, while Ish Smith registered an 11 - point, 13 - assist double - double that included five rebounds and a steal. Jon Leuer continued his strong work off the bench with a near double - double of his own, totaling 16 points, nine rebounds, two assists and a steal. Beno Udrih and Darrun Hilliard also contributed a pair of 11 - point efforts in a reserve role. Dennis Schroder was the only member of the starting five for the Hawks (10 - 10) to manage double - digit scoring, posting 17 points, 11 assists and a pair of rebounds. Kent Bazemore and Kyle Korver totaled only 14 points between them, Thabo Sefolosha was in the starting lineup again with Paul Millsap sitting out with a hip injury, but he was only able to supply five points, two rebounds and a steal. Dwight Howard was particularly ineffective, totaling only two points, six rebounds and two blocks over 25 minutes. The second unit saw some more run than usual due to the blowout loss, and three bench players got into double digits in the scoring column. Mike Muscala's and Tim Hardaway's pair of 11 - point efforts led the way, while Kris Humphries followed closely behind with 10. The Pistons return home to face the Orlando Magic on Sunday, while the Hawks head north of the border to face the Toronto Raptors on Saturday night.
