The Golden State Warriors narrowly escaped Milwaukee with a 124 - 121 victory against the Bucks on Saturday night at BMO Harris Bradley Center. The Bucks jumped out of the gate with a 37 - 28 first quarter, perhaps catching the Warriors lagging on the second night of a back - to - back. However, the Warriors answered right back with a 41 - 29 second quarter to take a 69 - 66 lead into halftime. After trailing by 14 with 6:56 left in the fourth, the Bucks battled back to make it a two - point game with two minutes to go but could not capitalize on multiple opportunities to tie or take the lead. Milwaukee (5 - 7) had a great night offensively, shooting 52 percent from the field and 10 - of - 20 from long range, while also filling it up with 52 points in the paint. The Bucks tallied 27 assists, led by Giannis Antetokounmpo, who finished with six assists, along with a team - high 30 points, four rebounds, two steals and one block, in 41 minutes. Jabari Parker was the second half of Milwaukee's one - two punch, as he finished with 28 points, along with five assists, five rebounds and two steals, in 37 minutes. This was the third loss in a row for the Bucks, who go on to host the Orlando Magic on Monday. The Warriors (11 - 2) notched their second win in as many nights and seventh straight as they scored their way to victory in Milwaukee. The Warriors have found their groove and are scoring like many expected they would, averaging 123 points per game in their last five contests. Kevin Durant led the way in this one with 33 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting, along with six rebounds, five assists and two steals in 36 minutes. Klay Thompson was efficient as well with 29 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting, while Stephen Curry added 20 points. The Warriors dished 30 assists or more for the seventh time in a row, which is a testament to how dangerous they can be offensively, sharing the ball between multiple scorers. The Warriors look to extend their streak as they visit Indiana for a contest against the Pacers on Monday.
