The Milwaukee Bucks (2 - 3) defeated the Chicago Bulls (3 - 2) 94 - 88 in Game 5 of the first round of the Eastern Conference playoffs on Monday. The Bucks were able to keep the series alive behind a great performance from last season's Rookie of the Year, Michael Carter-Williams. My, how the times have changed. Just a few months ago Carter-Williams was on a losing team playing for the lottery, and now he's in the middle of a heated rivalry that's just starting to regain relevance with this years playoffs. He came up huge for Milwaukee, who could have just as easily stuck with Jerryd Bayless, after his intriguing performance in Game 4, to force game 5 in Chicago. This time Carter-Williams was the point guard that helped force another game for the Bucks, when he put up 22 points, nine assists, eight rebounds, one steal and three big blocks against the Bulls. Not bad for a guy who left the game with a sprained ankle, an injury he was able to return from. He also did a spectacular job guarding Derrick Rose, bothering him with his length. Carter-Williams and the Milwaukee defense held Rose to 13 points and two assists. Rose also committed six turnovers in 42 minutes of action. Milwaukee also got a solid production from the center position, where starter Zaza Pachulia and reserve John Henson combined for 17 points, 24 rebounds, four assists and three steals in 48 minutes. Milwaukee will host Game 6 on Thursday, where once again, their back's are against the wall and their season is over if they lose. Pau Gasol was the lone Bulls player to convert on more than five of his field goal attempts. He scored 25 points to go along with 10 rebounds, four assists, two blocks and one steal in 33 minutes. Gasol also had his hands in the air a lot, seemingly confused at some of the referee's calls not going the Bulls' way. Jimmy Butler has been Chicago's most consistent player this year. He put together a great all - around game but hit just five of his 21 shots. He did have 10 rebounds, six assists, four steals and one block, but hopes his Game 6 will be closer to the first four in the series. The key statistic for Game 5 is the Bulls missed seven free throws and lost by six points. The Bucks, on the other hand, converted all 16 of their free throw attempts. Game 6 will tip off from Milwaukee on Thursday. Chicago will host Game 7 if they lose, and if they win they will move on to face the second - seeded Cleveland Cavaliers in the second round of the Eastern Conference playoffs.
