The Memphis Grizzlies snapped a two - game losing streak, as they defeated the host Golden State Warriors 128 - 119 in overtime, at Oracle Arena on Friday night. The Grizzlies (23 - 16) trailed 98 - 79 at the beginning of the quarter, but fought their way back to tie it up at 111, as Mike Conley hit a super - clutch jumper over Draymond Green, with seven seconds remaining. It was the first tie since the first quarter when it was 6 - 6, while the Grizzlies had never led in the game until they went up 113 - 111 with their first possession in overtime; from which they did not look back, as they led for the rest of the overtime period. This marks the second time this season that the Grizzlies have defeated the Warriors (31 - 6). Mike Conley came up huge for Memphis as he finished with 27 points, including the tying bucket at the end of the fourth and some big points in overtime. He added 12 assists, four rebounds and one steal, as he led the way in the impressive comeback win. Zach Randolph also poured in 27 points, and added 11 rebounds and six assists, in 35 minutes off the bench. Marc Gasol added 23 points, while Tony Allen finished with 11 points, 12 rebounds, six steals and three assists. Allen was a huge part of the victory as he came up with some incredible defensive and hustle plays in the clutch. The Grizzlies will look to build off this amazing feat, as they go on to host the Jazz on Sunday. Meanwhile, a 40 - point night from Stephen Curry was made obsolete by the Grizzlies relentless comeback. Kevin Durant poured in 27 points, to go along with 13 rebounds, four assists and three blocks, while Klay Thompson added 17 points, six rebounds and two assists. The Warriors went ice cold in the fourth quarter, where they only went 2 - of - 13 from the field, with the only two field goals coming from Curry. The Warriors bench was quiet, contributing only, 14 points in the loss. The Warriors will look to bounce back as they head to Sacramento to take on the Kings on Sunday.
