The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 125 - 99 at Target Center on Sunday. At the beginning of the season, the Timberwolves were supposed to be the young surprise team in the league, but the Lakers have taken that crown thus far. That was n't the case here though, as Minnesota dominated throughout this game. Offense was key for the Timberwolves, as they shot 53 percent from the field and 48 percent from three - point range. The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well, with Los Angeles committing 17 turnovers to their 16 assists, while Minnesota committed just 10 turnovers to 28 assists. A 25 - 5 run in the second quarter is when the Timberwolves really pulled away, as the Lakers could n't recover after that. Los Angeles (6 - 5) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it clearly slowed them down in this loss. The bench carried the load, as Jordan Clarkson, Brandon Ingram and Lou Williams all scored in double figures. Williams led the team in scoring, tallying 17 points, five rebounds and four assists. Julius Randle led the starters in scoring, dropping 14 points, six rebounds and three assists. Clarkson also scored 14 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting. Los Angeles will look to bounce back on Tuesday, when they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game. Minnesota (3 - 6) has gotten off to a rough start this season, but dominating wins like this mean a lot going forward. Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game, as he tallied a career - high 47 points on 14 - of - 21 from the field and 17 - of - 22 from the free - throw line. Despite Karl-Anthony Towns going 7 - of - 22 from the field, he still finished with 22 points and 12 rebounds. Nemanja Bjelica made a spot start for Zach LaVine (knee) and totaled 24 points, eight rebounds, three assists and three steals in a great fill - in performance. Ricky Rubio accumulated 10 points, 10 assists and three steals in his second game off an elbow injury. Minnesota will remain at home, as they host the Charlotte Hornets on Tuesday for their next game.
