The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Detroit Pistons, 128 - 96, at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday evening. The Cavs (44 - 22) came out of the starting blocks on a mission and never looked back, steamrolling the Pistons (33 - 34) to the tune of 44 points in the first quarter. Their lead was 74 - 48 by halftime, which set the stage for starters from both teams to eventually call it an early night later in the second half. To say Cleveland had the hot hand from the field would be an understatement, as they posted success rates of 60 percent from the field and 63 percent from behind the arc. As good as they were on offense, they were just as effective on defense, limited Detroit to respective tallies of 37 and 21 percent in those categories. With the large second - half lead, the Cavs' second unit enjoyed extended run and posted a collective 48 points. Tobias Harris paced Detroit with 17 points, two rebounds, two assists and one steal. Maurice Morris managed 13 points and seven boards. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope poured in 11 points and added two boards, two assists and one steal. Ish Smith was the only other Pistons player to notch double digits in the scoring column, as he supplied 12 points, three assists, one rebound and one steal over 21 minutes. Reggie Jackson (six points, six assists, one rebound and one steal) and Andre Drummond (eight points, 14 rebounds and one assist) received just 20 and 27 minutes, respectively, due to the lopsided nature of the contest. Kyrie Irving led Cleveland with 26 points, six assists and one rebound. Iman Shumpert followed with 18 points and five boards. LeBron James logged yet another triple - double in just 28 minutes, registering 16 points, 12 assists and 11 rebounds. Reggie Jefferson matched James' point total and added two rebounds, one assist and two steals. The second unit was led by matching 13 - point efforts from the Williamses, with Derrick adding an assist and Deron compiling three assists and two rebounds. J.R. Smith totaled 12 points, five rebounds, one assist and one steal over 23 minutes in a reserve role as well. The Pistons head back home to face the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night, while the Cavaliers also face off with the Jazz in their next contest, which takes place Thursday evening.
