The Dallas Mavericks (20 - 15) defeated the Sacramento Kings (14 - 21) 117 - 116 in double overtime Tuesday. Through three - plus quarters, the stage appeared set for a hard - fought Mavericks victory. Dallas held a 68 - 60 advantage heading into the final period, and was looking to put away a Kings team playing its third game in four nights and coming off a challenging contest versus the high - octane Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday. However, Sacramento crawled its way back on the strength of rousing fourth - quarter performances from Marco Belinelli, Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins to tie the game at 96 with 13 seconds remaining on a Belinelli 23 - foot three - point basket. After Deron Williams sank a jumper with two seconds left in regulation, Dallas appeared to have sealed the win. However, a driving layup by DeMarcus Cousins at the buzzer sent the game into its first extra period. After an initial overtime that saw both teams fail to score after Dirk Nowitzki tied matters up at 104 with 30 seconds remaining, they battled through a second extra period, with the Kings taking a 116 - 109 advantage with 1:20 on the clock. Despite the steep deficit, the home team fought back to score the final eight points, capped off by Wiliams' own 23 - foot trey at the buzzer to send the Mavs home as weary victors. Sacramento was led by Cousins' second monster performance in as many nights. He tallied a game - high 35 points, and added 17 rebounds, four assists, six steals and a block. Gay was outstanding in his own right, managing 31 points, five rebounds, an assist and a steal. Darren Collison acquitted himself well in subbing for the injured Rajon Rondo (back), posting a 14 - point, 12 - assist double - double, and supplementing it with four rebounds and a pair of steals. Quincy Acy turned in an efficient performance at power forward, collecting 12 points and six boards. Belinelli made some clutch baskets, and contributed 14 points, nine rebounds and three assists to pace the Kings' bench. The Kings fell to 14 - 21 and remain in third place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head home to face the Lakers on Thursday. Williams shook off an ailing hamstring to lead Dallas with 25 points. He also handed out four assists, while hauling in a pair of rebounds and tallying a pair of steals. Nowitzki pitched in with 23 points, five rebounds and three assists, while Wesley Matthews was sharp from the field, amassing 20 points and adding three rebounds, four assists and two steals. Zaza Pachulia managed only nine points and was the sole Mavs starter that failed to tally double - digit scoring, but he brought down an impressive 17 rebounds and collected five steals. Chandler Parsons had to leave the game after 29 minutes with a hip injury, but managed 10 points and six rebounds during his time on the court. JaVale McGee was outstanding off the bench over just 17 minutes, posting a 13 - point, 11 - rebound double - double. The Mavericks improved to 20 - 15 and remain in second place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to New Orleans to face the Pelicans on Wednesday.
