The Orlando Magic defeated the Sacramento Kings, 102 - 94, at Amway Center on Thursday. The blueprints of the Magic (2 - 3) and Kings (2 - 4) were both on display Thursday, and Orlando showed why it's sometimes better to have a collection of above - average players than a top - heavy attack heavily focused on one superstar talent. The Magic received a standout performance from Evan Fournier, who tallied a season - high 29 points, as well as double - digit scoring efforts from three other members of the first unit, and a double - digit assist performance from the one member of the group who did n't get there, Elfrid Payton. Meanwhile, the Kings received the lights - out production they are used to seeing from DeMarcus Cousins, while the rest of the starters struggled to maintain consistency through four quarters. The imbalance partially led to Sacramento progressively losing steam after winning the first period by a 29 - 23 margin, and despite a third - quarter resurgence, they produced only 16 points in the 12 minutes to fall short. Cousins' final line consisted of 33 points, seven rebounds, four assists, two steals and a block. Rudy Gay was the next closest in terms of usage and scoring, tallying 16 points but adding only two rebounds, two assists and a steal. Ty Lawson was the only other member of the starters to log double - digit scoring, supplying 11 points, seven rebounds and five assists. Arron Afflalo registered three points on 1 - of - 6 shooting, while Kosta Koufos totaled two points but added seven boards, an assist and a steal. Ben McLemore helped make up for some of Afflalo's shortfall with a 11 points off the bench, while Omri Casspi paced the reserves with a 12 - point tally. Fournier complemented his team - high scoring haul with an assist and a rebound. Serge Ibaka continued his recent stretch of solid play with 17 points, three boards and a block while frequently dealing with Cousins down low. Aaron Gordon registered a 13 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists, a steal and a block. Nikola Vucevic came within a rebound of also accomplishing the feat, managing 10 points, nine boards, three assists and two steals. Elfrid Payton collected six points but added the aforementioned 11 dimes and hauled in three boards. Jeff Green paced the reserves with 15 points and also had three rebounds. Sacramento now heads to the Midwest for a showdown with the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday, while the Magic await the Washington Wizards for a Saturday night tussle.
