The Washington Wizards defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 109 - 99, at Spectrum Center on Monday night. The Wizards (24 - 20) could hardly have been blamed for potentially coming in to Monday with a bit of a hangover from their last game, a heartbreaking 113 - 112 loss to the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night. Washington saw a 112 - 111 lead go by the wayside at the buzzer courtesy of a Marcus Morris tip - in, and they were facing another formidable challenge in the form of a surging Hornets (23 - 22) squad that had won three in a row. However, the Wizards were up to the task, jumping on their hosts from the opening quarter and never letting up. Washington played very well on both sides of the ball, tallying 54 and 40 percent success rates from the field and three - point range, respectively, and also limiting Charlotte to 39 and 25 percent figures in those categories. John Wall and Markieff Morris led the way by combining for 47 points and 52 percent shooting. Wall's 24 points paced the Wizards, and he added seven assists, four rebounds and a steal. Morris followed with 23 points, a total he supplemented with eight rebounds and two assists. Bradley Beal was a highly effective third wheel with 18 points, five rebounds, four assists and a steal. Otto Porter, Jr. contributed a 14 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included two assists. Marcin Gortat put forward a modest eight points and seven boards, along with an assist, a steal and a block. Kelly Oubre, Jr. led the second unit with 10 points, two rebounds, an assist, two blocks and a steal. Kemba Walker led the way for the Hornets with 21 points, five assists, two rebounds and a block. Marco Belinelli tallied 18 points, three rebounds, two assists and a steal to lead the bench. Cody Zeller and Marvin Williams followed with matching 13 - point efforts, with the former adding nine rebounds, two assists, three steals and two blocks, and the latter supplying eight boards, four assists, two steals and a block. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist totaled eight points, seven boards, an assist and a block, and Nicolas Batum had a relatively quiet game by his standards, especially on the scoreboard, posting four points, six assists and seven rebounds. The Wizards head back home to face off with the Boston Celtics on Tuesday evening, while the Hornets remain home to face off with the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night.
