The New Orleans Pelicans (19 - 32) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (16 - 37) 116 - 102 on Monday. A trio of stellar performances and outstanding ball security were the keys to a resounding victory for the Pelicans. Three of their most dependable players - - Anthony Davis, Ryan Anderson and Jrue Holiday - - combined for 80 of the team's 116 points on the night, and New Orleans turned the ball over just four times on the way to only their sixth road victory of the season. The visitors also shot 49 percent from the field and 42 from behind the arc, while limiting Minnesota to a 17 percent success rate from long range. Davis and Holiday were the top scorers for the Pelicans with 27 points apiece. The former added eight rebounds, an assist and a pair of steals, while the latter dished out nine assists, hauled in six boards and recorded three steals in 28 minutes off the bench. Anderson also put together a remarkable performance in a reserve capacity, tallying 26 points, three rebounds, a steal and a block. Norris Cole was the only other player to manage double - digit scoring, supplying 10 points, six assists and three rebounds. The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division despite the victory. They head home to face the Utah Jazz on Wednesday. Minnesota lost handily despite seven players - - four starters and three reserves - - recording double - digit scoring efforts. Karl-Anthony Towns got things started with a 19 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block. Frontcourt mate Gorgui Dieng hung tough against Anthony Davis, registering 12 points, 12 rebounds, four assists and a block. Andrew Wiggins poured in 15 points but could n't add much else, recording only a pair of assists and a pair of blocks in addition to the scoring. Ricky Rubio rounded things out for the starters with 11 points, seven assists and five boards. The reserves were paced by Shabazz Muhammad's 14 points, which he complemented with nine rebounds and an assist. Zach LaVine also pitched in with 12 points, two rebounds, two assists and three blocks, while Nemanja Bjelica contributed 10 points, four rebounds and an assist in what was a highly productive evening for the Timberwolves bench. Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They're home again Wednesday to face off against the Raptors.
