The Utah Jazz defeated the Philadelphia 76ers, 109 - 84, at Wells Fargo Center on Monday. The Jazz (5 - 3) learned earlier in the day that standout point guard George Hill would miss the game with the sprained thumb that has been bothering him for the last couple of days, leaving Shelvin Mack and Dante Exum to soak up most of the minutes in his stead. Given that the veteran had gotten his Utah tenure off to a highly productive start, his absence could have left an offensive void, particularly on the road. However, the remainder of the squad, led by Gordon Hayward in only his second game back from a preseason finger injury, made up for Hill's production with a stellar shooting night. The Jazz posted success rates of 51 and 58 percent from the field and three - point range, respectively, leading to a comfortable victory. Hayward tallied 20 points, seven rebounds, five assists and a steal, giving him at least 20 in the scoring column in both of his first two games back on the court. Rodney Hood was next with 18 points, two rebounds, an assist and a steal. Derrick Favors, playing a season - high 29 minutes, exploded for a 16 - point, 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist, a steal and three blocks. Mack and Exum combined for 19 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting, with the latter's point total pacing the reserves. The Sixers (0 - 6) saw their big men lead the way in scoring, no small feat against the Jazz frontcourt. Jahlil Okafor, who ceded the start to Joel Embiid, actually paced Philadelphia with 15 points, and he complemented the scoring with four rebounds, an assist and a block. Embiid followed with a near double - double of 14 points, nine boards, a steal and a block. Robert Covington contributed 12 points, eight rebounds and an assist, with the scoring total representing a season high. Ersan Ilyasova supplied 10 points, three rebounds and two assists, his third time with double - digit scoring in as many games with the Sixers. The Jazz continue on to Charlotte for a date with the Hornets on Wednesday, while the Sixers head to Indiana to face the Pacers in their own Wednesday night tilt.
