The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies, 100 - 94, at FedEx Forum on Sunday. Typically, it's Damian Lillard who spearheads the Blazers' attack, frequently leading Portland (4 - 3) in both field - goal attempts and scoring. However, it was backcourt mate C.J. McCollum who took the mantle Sunday, putting up more than double the shots of Lillard and leading all scorers with a season - high 37 points. The third - year shooting guard added four rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block over a team - high 39 minutes. McCollum also drained half of his 12 three - point attempts on the afternoon, after having made the same amount in the last three games combined. Overall, Portland's solid shooting (45 and 42 percent marks from the field and three - point range, respectively) and a 24 - point fourth quarter helped secure the team's third road win in four tries. Lillard contributed 19 points, seven assists, six rebounds and a steal. He was only 3 - of - 11 from the field, but did convert all 11 free - throw opportunities. Maurice Harkless was next with 18 points, seven rebounds, two blocks and a steal. Al-Farouq Aminu and Mason Plumlee were modest contributors, with respective eight - and seven - point tallies, while also combining for 11 boards down low. The Grizzlies (3 - 4) were led by Marc Gasol, who went for 21 points, three rebounds, two assists and a steal. Mike Conley supplied 16 points, seven assists, four rebounds, two steals and two blocks. The veteran guard made only one of five three - point tries, but it was memorable, as it came at the buzzer to end the first half. Tony Allen registered 11 points, seven boards and four steals. Zach Randolph was typically productive off the bench, leading the reserves with 15 points, seven rebounds and two assists. Vince Carter was solid in a reserve role as well, providing 11 points, five rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Blazers head back home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday night, while the Grizzlies remain home for their own Tuesday evening tangle with the Denver Nuggets.
