The Indiana Pacers defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 110 - 94, at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday evening. The Pacers (13 - 12) have gotten increasingly healthier over the last week - plus, getting both Paul George and C.J. Miles back from injuries. At the same time, second - year big man Myles Turner has begun to blossom, providing Indiana with a much more well - rounded first unit. That was on display Monday, as George and Turner co - led the team with 22 points on a combined 18 - of - 34 shooting. Meanwhile, while Monta Ellis sat out the contest with a groin strain, Rodney Stuckey was able to provide a scoring lift off the bench in his stead, pacing the second unit with 14 points. The Hornets (14 - 11) saw their first unit turn in lackluster showings overall. They were led by a pair of 13 - point efforts from Marvin Williams and Nicolas Batum, with the former adding two assists, two rebounds and two steals while the latter hauled in 10 boards and dished out three assists. Kemba Walker generated a modest 12 points and supplemented them with five assists, two rebounds and two steals. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist went for six points but did bring down 10 rebounds, and Marco Belinelli paced the second unit with 14 points, three rebounds, two assists and a steal. George complemented his 22 points with five rebounds, three assists and a steal, while Turner recorded seven boards, a steal and four blocks. Jeff Teague turned in a 16 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also included five rebounds and a steal. Glenn Robinson got the start for Ellis, but only provided three points, along with six rebounds, two assists, three blocks and a steal. Thaddeus Young turned in nine points, five boards and an assist, while Miles was also productive off the bench with 11 points, two rebounds, an assist and a pair of blocks. The Hornets hit the road again to face off with the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night, while the Pacers head down to South Florida to face off with the Miami Heat on Wednesday evening as well.
