The Cleveland Cavaliers (15 - 10) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies (21 - 5) 105 - 91 on Sunday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. The Cleveland Cavaliers used their superior shooting and a 28 - 21 fourth quarter advantage in points to get the win. The team shot 61 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line, while the Grizzlies shot only 45 percent from the field and a meager six percent from beyond the arc. Despite turning the ball over more than the Grizzlies and being out - rebounded, the Cavaliers held on and secured their second straight win in front of their home fans. LeBron James led all scorers, as he went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 25 points, while also chipping in 11 assists. This was his tenth double - double on the year, as he's now averaging 25 points, 8 assists and 5 rebounds on the season. Dion Waiters also had a solid outing and finished with 21 points, marking the second time in the last three games that he's finished with that number. He'll look to stay consistent off the bench in his next few games. Both Kyrie Irving and Anderson Varejao also reached double figures in scoring. Irving went 8 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line, while Varejao finished 9 - for - 12 from the field for 18 points. Despite playing 35 minutes, Kevin Love did n't have much of an impact, as he finished with only eight points. This was his second straight game struggling to score, so he'll look to get things turned around as soon as possible. The Grizzlies were led by Marc Gasol, who went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the free throw line to score 23 points. He also added 11 rebounds, giving him his second double - double in a row. He's now averaging 20 points and eight rebounds on the season. Jon Leuer was also a big contributor in the loss. He made his first start of the season and finished with 16 points and seven rebounds in 30 minutes on the court. Mike Conley and Vince Carter were the only other two Grizzlies to reach double figures with 11 and 12 points respectively. With the team shooting only 1 - for - 16 from the three - point line, it was tough for them to keep up offensively with the Cavaliers who found their stroke early and often in this one. The Cavaliers' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday, while the Grizzlies will play the Utah Jazz on Monday.
