The Golden State Warriors (30) mounted a historic comeback to defeat the New Orleans Pelicans (0 - 3), 123 - 119 in overtime Thursday at the Smoothie King Center. In a game New Orleans needed to win to avoid a 0 - 3 deficit in its series with Golden State, the Pelicans looked to be on their way to delivering a victory in front of the home crowd. The Pelicans took a 20 - point lead into the fourth quarter, but the Warriors remained composed and began chipping into the deficit. Golden State's Draymond Green, who got into foul trouble early, helped give the Warriors life with four offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter. That ability to extend possessions keyed Golden State's comeback as the lead was cut to five with under a minute remaining. What was once an relaxed crowd at the Smoothie King Center turned tense with every missed shot by the Pelicans and every made basket by the Warriors. With time winding down and the Warriors down by just three points after an Anthony Davis missed free throw, Stephen Curry buried an unbelievable three pointer from the corner to send it to overtime. Curry then opened overtime with another three. Golden State took a six point lead, but New Orleans' Ryan Anderson drained a three of his own to cut the lead to one. The Pelicans had one last good chance to tie the game late, but Anthony Davis' layup attempt did n't fall as Golden State finished one of the biggest comebacks in playoff history. The Pelicans will look to extend the series in Game 4 on Saturday. Golden State's unbelievable comeback was highlighted by Curry's 40 points, but second chance points laid the foundation. Draymond Green, who is all of 6 - foot - 7, finished with seven offensive rebounds and 17 boards overall before fouling out in overtime. The Warriors had 16 second - chance points in the fourth quarter and overtime and 30 second - chance points overall to help complete the comeback. The Warriors became the third team ever to rally from a 20 - point deficit in the fourth quarter of a playoff game to win, according to ESPN Stats & Info. Golden State will look to complete the sweep Saturday at the Smoothie King Center. New Orleans' fourth quarter collapse puts it in a tough position to get back into the series. Anthony Davis was dominant for much of the game, scoring 29 points to go with 15 rebounds over 46 minutes. He only managed six points in the fourth quarter and overtime, however. The Pelicans got major contributions from their bench, namely 26 points from Ryan Anderson and 16 points from Norris Cole. Jrue Holiday returned from a one game absence to finish with 10 points in 17 minutes off the bench as well. The Pelicans will have to shake off Thursday's loss in order to avoid the sweep Saturday.
