The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers, 112 - 100, at Staples Center on Saturday afternoon. The Clippers (40 - 26) were looking to extend a recent winning stretch that had seen them emerge victorious in three of their previous four games, but knew they'd have a challenge in the form of the considerably improved Sixers (23 - 42). That came to fruition throughout the first three - plus quarters, as Philadelphia actually entered the fourth period in possession of a 79 - 75 advantage. However, Los Angeles came alive at that point, outscoring their visitors by a 37 - 21 margin in the final 12 minutes to secure the double - digit win. Four members of the Clippers first unit managed to score in double digits, and Chris Paul led the way with a game - high 30 points on 11 - for - 16 shooting, along with seven assists, three rebounds and two steals. The Sixers were led by 24 points off the bench from Richaun Holmes, a total he supplemented with nine rebounds. Dario Saric paced the first unit with 16 points, five rebounds, two assists and one block. Jahlil Okafor managed 14 points, four boards, four assists and three steals. Robert Covington tallied 13 points, six rebounds and three steals. T.J. McConnell generated nine points, 10 assists, one rebound and two steals. Timothe Luwawu-Cabbarot matched McConnell's scoring total and added five rebounds, one assist and one steal. DeAndre Jordan followed Paul with a 19 - point, 20 - rebound double - double that also included four assists, one steal and three blocks. Blake Griffin turned in a 15 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also featured six assists and three steals. J.J. Redick played an effective complementary role, pouring in 12 points and adding two rebounds, two assists and two steals. Mareese Speights led the second uniit with 11 points, two boards and one assist. The Sixers remain in California to take on the Lakers on Sunday evening, while the Clippers head to Utah for a Monday night tilt versus the Jazz.
