The Detroit Pistons (19 - 17) defeated the Orlando Magic (19 - 16) 115 - 89 on Monday night. Despite Detroit winning every quarter, this game was tight until the fourth quarter. The Pistons outscored the Magic 27 - 15 in the final 12 minutes and made the scoreline look far worse than it actually was. Rebounding has been key for the Pistons all season and that won them the game here, as the snatched down 54 boards to the Magic's 30. The starters were a key as well, as Detroit's starters scored 75 points to Orlando's 47. That now makes Detroit 12 - 5 at the Palace and they're becoming one of the best home teams in the NBA. The Magic came into this game with Elfrid Payton injured and it clearly hampered them here. With no other legitimate point guard on the roster, the team had a hard time finding an offensive rhythm in a tough matchup. With that said, Victor Oladipo stepped in as the starting point guard and had one of his best all - around games of the season. He tallied 18 points, seven rebounds, five assists and two steals in the loss. No other starter recorded more than three rebounds or three assists and it was just an ugly performance from Orlando. The Magic will look to bounce back on Wednesday against the Indiana Pacers in their next game. Detroit has been blitzing teams at home all season and they did just that on Monday. What was so great about this win was the performance of Brandon Jennings. This is just Jennings fourth game of the year after suffering a torn Achilles last season and he was spectacular, scoring 17 points and dishing out seven assists in just 18 minutes. It will be interesting to see what Stan Van Gundy does with this rotation with the breakout play of Reggie Jackson and the resurgence of Jennings. All five starters scored in double - figures here, despite having their minutes limited in the blowout. Andre Drummond also put in a 17 - point double - double and would have approached yet another 20 - 20 game if this fixture didn’t get so out of hand late. Detroit's next game will be on the road on Wednesday against the Boston Celtics.
