The second - seed Cleveland Cavaliers (40) completed their sweep of the seventh - seed Boston Celtics (0 - 4) in a 101 - 93 slugfest Sunday. Cleveland came out with purpose in the first half, wining both of the first two quarters to go into the break with 57 - 36 lead. Coach David Blatt could have taken the game easy with the Cavs up 30 in the series, but he opted to push the accelerator to the floor and used his big guns for most of the game to ensure a win and an end to the Cavs' first - round series. LeBron James played a team - high 46 minutes and was followed closely by Kyrie Irving with 43 minutes of his own. Kevin Love was forced from the game in the first quarter with what appeared to be a dislocated left shoulder after Celtics big man Kelly Olynyk appeared to pull down on Love's arm while fighting for a rebound. Love was n't the only player to be forced from the game, and the Love/Olynyk incident was n't the only physical altercation. In the second quarter, Kendrick Perkins put a hard screen on Jae Crowder, pushing Crowder in his face and forcing him to the ground before antagonizing Crowder with a tap to the face with a closed fist. Both Perkins and Crowder were assessed technical fouls, and Perkins earned a flagrant - 1 foul for the tap to Crowder's face. Shortly after halftime, Crowder was hit in the face by a backhand from J.R. Smith. Smith was given a flagrant - 2 and automatically ejected from the game as a result. Crowder injured his knee during the Smith incident and left the game with a left knee sprain, unable to return. The Celtics made a run in the third quarter, outscoring the Cavs 25 - 13 in the third window, but it was n't enough. Cleveland carried a nine - point lead into the fourth quarter and never let Boston get closer than a six - point divide at 99 - 93 with under a minute left in the game. The Cavaliers will advance to the Eastern Conference semifinals, and they'll play the winner of the Bulls/Bucks series that is currently at 3 - 1 with the Bulls holding the advantage. Kevin Love's status will be updated after he gets back to Cleveland and undergoes tests with the team's doctors. Smith and Perkins appear in line for suspensions, and a judgment on their statuses will likely be handed down before the start of the conference semifinals.
