The Cleveland Cavaliers (19 - 14) defeated the Charlotte Hornets (10 - 24) 91 - 87 on Friday at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte. Both teams struggled with their shooting in this one. The Cavaliers went 38 percent from the floor and 27 percent from the three - point line, while the Hornets went only 37 percent from the floor and 21 percent from beyond the arc. Neither team could really get in a groove, as both failed to reach the 100 - point mark. Cleveland was able to force Charlotte into 15 turnovers, which ultimately may have been the difference. With LeBron James out for the next couple of weeks, as expected Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving took over the majority of the offensive production. Love led all scorers, as he went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with 27 points. After struggling to only seven points on Tuesday, it was good to see him bounce back with an outstanding performance Friday. Irving did n't have his most efficient day, but ended up scoring 23 points (8 - 27 FG, 0 - 2 3Pt, 7 - 8 FT) in 41 minutes. Over his last five games he's averaged 27 points, so expect him to continue to get of plenty of shots as his confidence level is through the roof. Dion Waiters had a solid contribution off the bench, as he finished with 17 points and five rebounds. He had 17 of the 24 total bench points for the Cavs. The only other player to reach double figures was Tristan Thompson. He recorded a double - double, as he had 14 points and 14 rebounds. The Hornets top scorer was Gerald Henderson. Henderson went 6 - for - 17 from the floor to score 14 points, while also adding eight rebounds and four assists. He's combined for 49 points over his last three games, as he's stepped up his scoring output during the past week. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was able to add a double - double of his own. He had 12 points and 10 rebounds, giving him his third double - double of the season. Kemba Walker seemed to struggle with his shot. He went only 4 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 10 points. Coming off the bench, both Gary Neal and Marvin Williams reach double - digit points with 11 and 10 points respectively. As a team though, the Hornets just did n't have enough offensive production to get them a victory. The Cavaliers' next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday, while the Hornets will travel to Orlando to play the Magic on Saturday.
