The Wizards (4 - 1) got 31 points and 10 rebounds from John Wall en route to a 96 - 94 overtime victory over the Pacers (1 - 4) on Wednesday night. The Wizards, who led for most of the game, clung to a four - point lead with less than two minutes remaining. Following a Marcin Gortat missed free throw, Donald Sloan hit a jumper in the paint to cut the Washington lead to two. After a Paul Pierce missed three on the other end, Sloan converted again to tie the game at 82 with 1:20 remaining. A pair of Pierce free throws put the Wizards back up two, but Sloan would not go down without a fight. Following a timeout, Sloan drove the lane and hit a circus layup over three Wizards defenders with six seconds remaining. Pierce would miss a long three - pointer as time expired, sending the game into overtime. The teams traded basket in the extra five minutes, but the Wizards were able to build a five - point lead with just over one minute remaining. A Chris Copeland jumper and two Sloan free throws cut the deficit to just one with 15 seconds to play. Wall knocked down 1 - of - 2 free throws after being intentionally fouled, leaving the Pacers with a chance to win or tie with 12 ticks on the clock. Indiana’s execution was less - than - ideal, however, with the possession ending on a Roy Hibbert 27 - foot three - pointer. Chris Copeland grabbed the rebound and was able to release a desperation heave, which did not fall through the cylinder. Sloan’s big night - 31 points, six rebounds, seven assists - led the way for Indiana, which shot just 39 percent from the floor. Solomon Hill added 14 points and eight assists, while Chris Copeland chipped in 19 points and 12 rebounds off the bench. The Wizards shot even worse from the floor (37 percent) but got to the line 23 times, converting 21 of those attempts. Garrett Temple, tasked with starting in place of Bradley Beal, scored 16 points and had seven rebounds, and Marcin Gortat added 14 points to go with 10 boards. The veteran Pierce had his fair share of struggles, converting just 3 - of - 15 field goals. The Wizards move on to face the Raptors in Toronto on Friday. Meanwhile, Indiana heads east to Boston to take on the Celtics, also on Friday.
