The Memphis Grizzlies (20 - 18) defeated the Denver Nuggets (13 - 24) 91 - 84 on Friday. Both teams entered the game with their rosters at less than full strength, and the result was a gritty, grind - it - out affair. The visitors were missing stalwart power forward Kenneth Faried, who was out due to the birth of his child, while the Grizzlies had their starting backcourt sidelined. Mike Conley was forced to miss a second consecutive contest with a left Achilles injury, while a hip contusion derailed two - guard Courtney Lee for the night. While the three players' respective replacements all turned in serviceable efforts, it was some of the team's most reliable performers that led the way. Denver's attack was spearheaded by Danilo Gallinari, who managed his second 29 - point outing over the last three contests, and who scored over 20 points for the fourth straight game since returning from a six - game absence due to an ankle injury. Faried's replacement on the night, Darrell Arthur, was actually the Nuggets' second leading scorer, managing 12 points, nine rebounds, a pair of assists and a pair of blocks. Gary Harris was the only other starter with double - digit scoring, pouring in 11 points and adding five rebounds, an assist and a steal. Jusuf Nurkic took another positive step in his gradual return to action, collecting six points, six rebounds and a block over 18 minutes off the bench. The Nuggets fell to 13 - 24 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They head back home and await the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday. Although Memphis saw all five members of their starting unit tally double - digit points, they were actually led in scoring by Zach Randolph, who pitched in 24 points, six rebounds, an assist and three blocks. Jeff Green's near double - double headed up the starters, with the Grizzlies' forward contributing 16 points, nine rebounds, two assists and a steal. Frontcourt mate Matt Barnes was right behind him with a stat - sheet - stuffing performance that consisted of 15 points, seven rebounds, three assists and a block. Marc Gasol and Conley's stand - in for the night, Mario Chalmers, posted a pair of 12 - point efforts. Gasol had a relatively quiet night on the boards with only four rebounds, but dished out a trio of assists and also snatched five steals. Meanwhile, Chalmers had a slow first half, but came on after intermission to finish with 12 points, six rebounds and four assists. Tony Allen did a fine job as Lee's replacement, finishing with 10 points, nine rebounds, an assist, three steals and a block. The Grizzlies improved to 20 - 18 and remain in third place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They now await the Boston Celtics for Sunday showdown.
