The Portland Trail Blazers (14 - 20) defeated the Denver Nuggets (12 - 21) 110 - 103 on Wednesday night. This win gave Portland their third - straight and they've done that without Damian Lillard. The starters were the big difference in the game, as the Trail Blazers starting - five outscored Denver's 76 - 53. The Nuggets defense struggled yet again, as Portland shot nearly 50 percent from the field. The game was close throughout, but Portland continued to keep a distance from Denver and simply held them off til the final whistle. Denver is in the midst of a terrible slump right now, as this loss marks their seventh in their last eight games. It's not just the defense that has slowed this team down, as both ends of the floor are a struggle right now. Much of that can be attributed to the injuries and it's hard to imagine this team playing consistently until they are fully healthy. Will Barton played his homecoming game here and performed spectacularly, tallying 31 points, five rebounds and four assists in the defeat. Gary Harris also played well, as he scored 19 points and grabbed four rebounds. The good news is that Danilo Gallinari, Emmanuel Mudiay and Jusuf Nurkic are all due back to return within a week and this team will be greatly improved with those three starters back in the fold. The Nuggets wo n't play again until Saturday when they take on the Golden State Warriors in a game where they'll surely be huge underdogs. The Blazers have been playing without Damian Lillard recently and playing well. He is unarguably the star of the team, but C.J. McCollum is doing a heck of a job controlling the offense in his absence. He had yet another great game here, as he contributed 29 points, three rebounds and four assists in the win. Allen Crabbe also had one of his best games of the season, as he scored 20 points and grabbed five boards. This young team is showing some promise and they should be an interesting team once Lillard returns. Portland's next game will be on Thursday against the Utah Jazz.
