The Brooklyn Nets (12 - 33) snapped a six - game losing streak on Sunday with a 116 - 106 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder (33 - 13). The win coincidentally ended a seven - game win streak for OKC. Brooklyn sits at fourteenth in the Eastern Conference, leading only the league - worst Philadelphia 76ers; however, they were able to come away with a win against one of the association's stronger teams on Sunday. The Nets have been skidding all season, seeing coach Lionel Hollins fired and GM Billy King tender his resignation. On Sunday, they ended a slough of tough losses, advancing their record to 8 - 17 at home on the season. Star big man Brook Lopez caught fire on Sunday, pouring in a team - high 31 points while pulling down 10 rebounds. OKC defensive anchor Steven Adams sat out Sunday's contest with an injured right elbow, allowing Lopez to take advantage of the defensive shortcomings of backup Enes Kanter. Lopez was aided, however, by the hustle of power forward Thaddeus Young. The veteran pulled down seven offensive rebounds and 14 boards in total, also notching 14 points, three assists, a block, and a steal. For Oklahoma City, the loss comes as a bit of a shock considering the tear that the team had found itself on. The Thunder boast the third - best record in the NBA, trailing only the historically good Warriors and Spurs. For Oklahoma City's dynamic duo of superstars, Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant, it was business as usual on Sunday. The two combined for 59 points, 22 rebounds, and 14 assists. Both players were named starters for the Western Conference in this year's All-Star game earlier this week. However, outside of the superstar tandem, only two Thunder players cracked double - digit scoring, recording 10 points apiece. OKC was edged out at the line and on the glass, as they allowed the Nets to pull down 18 offensive boards and 49 in total. The Thunder will try not to let the loss affect them as they travel to Madison Square Garden on Tuesday to take on the Knicks. The Nets, meanwhile, will play host to the Miami Heat on Tuesday.
