The Houston Rockets (7 - 1) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (2 - 5) 113 - 101 on Wednesday in Mexico City. Despite the Rockets playing so well this season, the inexperienced Timberwolves held tough and gave the Rockets a good fight. The Rockets had a big third quarter where they outscored the Timberwolves 31 - 21 to gain the advantage in an otherwise evenly played game. Minnesota has now dropped three games in a row, while Houston rebounded with a victory after their first loss of the season to the Warriors on Saturday. Even without starting point guard Patrick Beverley and power forward Terrence Jones, the Rockets' big three were able to have enough production to get the victory. James Harden recorded a double - double, scoring 23 points (8 - 23 FG, 2 - 8 3Pt) and adding 10 assists. Harden has only scored below 20 points once this season, as he makes his case for league MVP. Dwight Howard added a double - double of his own, posting 22 points and 10 rebounds. He's now recorded six double - doubles in seven games and is averaging 20 points and 12 rebounds on the year. Trevor Ariza also had his shot falling in this game, going 7 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 19 points. He's shooting 48 percent from beyond the arc this season. The Timberwolves were led by Corey Brewer, who came off the bench to go a perfect 7 - for - 7 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line. He scored 18 points in 24 minutes. It was his highest scoring output of the season after only reaching double digits once this season before Wednesday. Rookie Andrew Wiggins was able to score 15 points, but did n't do much else for the Wolves, as he only recorded one rebound and a block. He's starting to get more comfortable with his offensive game now that he's seven games into the season. Nikola Pekovic notched his fourth double - double of the season as he finished with 11 points and 13 rebounds. He's averaging 14 points and 9 rebounds on the year. The Rockets' next game will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday, while the Timberwolves will travel to New Orleans to play the Pelicans on Friday.
