The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 119 - 110, at Barclays Center on Tuesday. The Timberwolves (1 - 5) came in to Tuesday's contest having played solid defense through their first five games, allowing only 100 points per game, while the Nets (3 - 4) had been much more generous, allowing 107 points per contest. However, the roles were somewhat reversed Tuesday, with Brooklyn tallying a season - high 119 points on the strength of outstanding 55 percent shooting. Six players also managed to hit double digits in the scoring column, allowing them to overcome 20 turnovers and a season - high 36 points from Andrew Wiggins to secure their third victory of the season, which have all come at home. Wiggins complemented his scoring total, which came on 29 shot attempts, with eight rebounds, two assists and a steal. Karl-Anthony Towns was next with 21 points, seven rebounds, four assists and a block. Zach LaVine managed 17 points, two boards and an assist, while Kris Dunn was notably held scoreless and only contributed three rebounds, two assists and a steal over 16 minutes. However, Tyus Jones received a season - high 32 minutes with Dunn struggling and led the bench with 12 points, seven assists, five rebounds and five steals. The Nets were led by Brook Lopez, who won the battle down low with Towns by turning in 26 points, three rebounds, an assist and three blocks. Trevor Booker supplemented his efforts in the frontcourt with 15 points, nine boards, an assist, three steals and a block. Bojan Bogdanovic and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson contributed a pair of 13 - point efforts, with the former adding two assists, a rebound and a steal, while the latter registered four boards and a pair of assists. Sean Kilpatrick continued to excel off the bench, leading the reserves with 14 points, five rebounds, three assists and a steal. Minnesota heads down to Central Florida with a Wednesday night tussle with the Orlando Magic, while Brooklyn tangles with their inter - city rival New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday evening as well.
