The Denver Nuggets (24 - 37) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (12 - 50) 117 - 107 at Pepsi Center on Wednesday. The second game of a back - to - back for the Lakers proved to be a heavy workload, as the team looked tired throughout the second half. Kobe Bryant (shoulder) started, but only played the first half, likely to give the crowd a sendoff in his final game in Denver. It was far from a pretty showcase between the two teams, but the Lakers received another strong performance from rookie point guard D’Angelo Russell, who scored 24 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting, to go along with one rebound and six assists in 36 minutes. Russell has broken through in the second half of the season, and heading into Wednesday, he had posted a five game stretch averaging 21 points, 4 rebounds, 5 assists on 55 percent shooting. That stat line is the lone bright spot for Los Angeles aside from Brandon Bass’ defensive improvement over the last 10 games. Bass added 11 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting off the bench, but helped bring his team within striking distance of the Nuggets down the stretch, forcing a couple of turnovers and defending both the paint and wing at an exceptional level. Bryant five points in 10 minutes of game time, while Julius Randle fell short of a double - double with 17 points and seven rebounds. The Lakers will host the Atlanta Hawks (33 - 28) on Friday. The Nuggets held on to win, but it looked bleak after surviving an eight minutes stretch of play between the third and fourth quarters where they scored an underwhelming two points. Denver shot 1 - of - 12 during that stretch, and save for the Lakers inability to rebound the ball, the eight minute stretch could have been extended. The unlikely hero came on the back of D.J. Augustin, who rallied the Nuggets after the scoring drought and finished with 26 points, seven rebounds, five assists and one steal on 7 - of - 11 shooting in 23 minutes off of the bench. Emmanuel Mudiay put together a strong game, and the rookie matchup with Russell made for the most entertainment, as he rounded out the box score with 22 points, four rebounds and seven assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting. Gary Harris, Nikola Jokic and Kenneth Faried all finished in double figures in their starting roles. The Nuggets will host the Brooklyn Nets (17 - 44) on Friday.
