The host Denver Nuggets defeated the Utah Jazz, 105 - 91, at Pepsi Center on Sunday. In what's typically a rivalry game, the Nuggets got the better of a beat - up Jazz team here. Denver came out with a defensive mindset early, as they led by 10 points after a 24 - 14 first quarter. Utah struggled shooting, as they went 39 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range. The turnover differential was decisive as well, with the Nuggets committing eight turnovers to their 31 assists, while the Jazz 'recorded just 15 assists to 10 turnovers. It was a near wire - to - wire win for Denver, as they led for the final 45 - plus minutes. Utah (7 - 8) continues to play without George Hill and Derrick Favors, but it's clearly hurting the offense right now. Gordon Hayward had to carry the load in this game, tallying a team - high 25 points, seven rebounds and two assists in the loss. Dante Exum, Rodney Hood and Joe Johnson all scored 10 points a piece in the backcourt. The frontcourt was n't much better, as Trey Lyles and Rudy Gobert combined for just 14 points and 13 rebounds. Utah's next game will be a rematch against the Nuggets on Wednesday. Denver (5 - 8) has gotten off to a slow start at home this season, but gave fans a show in this win. Rookie Jamal Murray had the best game of his career, dropping a team - high 18 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting off the bench. Wilson Chandler played well off the bench as well, as he scored 17 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting. Danilo Gallinari went just 4 - of - 14 from the field, but finished the game with 13 points, five rebounds and eight assists. Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double, totaling 16 points and 11 rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting. Will Barton played his first game in nearly a month, scoring seven points in 19 minutes as the starting shooting guard. Emmanuel Mudiay flirted with a triple - double in the victory, accumulating 10 points, eight rebounds and eight assists. Denver's next game will be a home game against the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday.
