The Houston Rockets defeated the Chicago Bulls, 115 - 94, at United Center on Friday evening. The Rockets (45 - 21) have been one of the NBA's best squads all season, and a great deal of their success is rightfully attributed to their prolific offense. Typically, it's the spectacular efforts of James Harden that spearhead the Houston attack, but Friday's path to victory was a bit of a departure from the norm. It was the returning Ryan Anderson, who'd missed the team's tilt against the Jazz on Wednesday with a back injury, that led the way with 21 points, three rebounds and one steal. Additionally, a stellar defensive effort, one that saw Houston limit their hosts to success rates of 39 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range, while also forcing them into 18 turnovers, that was pivotal to the win. The Rockets also outscored the Bulls (31 - 34) by a whopping 69 - 30 margin over the second and third periods, sealing the win before the fourth quarter even began. Harden was second behind Anderson with 19 points, 13 assists, seven rebounds and three steals. He left the game late in the first quarter for a time after getting his foot stepped on but ultimately returned. Clint Capela followed with 17 points, seven boards and one assist. Trevor Ariza turned in an 11 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and two steals. Lou Williams led the bench with 18 points, three rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Dwyane Wade paced the Bulls in his return from a two - game absence due to a thigh injury, as he collected 21 points, three rebounds, two assists and two steals. Jimmy Butler totaled 16 points, five rebounds, four assists and one steal. Cameron Payne led the bench with 11 points, two rebounds, two assists and one steal. Bobby Portis produced eight points, six rebounds and one steal, while Paul Zipser, Rajon Rondo and Denzel Valentine all matched Portis' point total off the bench. The Rockets remain home and await the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday night, while the Bulls make the trek to Beantown for a Sunday afternoon showdown with the Boston Celtics.
