The Phoenix Suns (20 - 51) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (15 - 56) 119 - 107 on Wednesday. Both teams started the day with key starters listed as questionable for the contest, and only one ended up making it on the court. Tyson Chandler was unable to take the floor with his back injury, but D'Angelo Russell shook off the effects of a bruised shin to suit up for the Lakers. However, by game's end it was the Suns who had overcome their missing component, as former starter Jon Leuer stepped in admirably and provided a 22 - point, 14 - rebound double - double. He also added a steal and a block. Meanwhile, Russell was able to play 31 minutes, but struggled with his shot. The 2015 first - rounder tallied 14 points on 6 - for - 18 shooting, and was only able to drain one of his four three - point attempts. Joseph Randle paced the Lakers with a 19 - point, 15 - rebound double - double, which also included an assist and a steal. Kobe Bryant was able to battle through his perennially sore shoulder for a second straight night, amassing 17 points, three rebounds, two assists and a block. Russell added three assists, two rebounds, a steal and two blocks. Jordan Clarkson pitched in with 13 points, three rebounds and a pair of assists. Lou Williams led the reserves with 11 points, five assists, two rebounds and a steal. The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Friday night. Devin Booker spearheaded the Suns' attack with a game - high 28 points, and he added seven assists, three rebounds, a steal and a block. Brandon Knight was next with 25 points, eight rebounds, seven assists, two blocks and a steal. Alex Len filled out the stat sheet with 10 points, eight rebounds, four assists and a steal. Mirza Teletovic paced the Phoenix bench with 17 points, three assists, a rebound and a steal. The Suns remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They hit the road for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Friday night.
