The Cleveland Cavaliers (48 - 19) defeated the Dallas Mavericks (34 - 34) 99 - 98 on Wednesday. As part of a plan to keep starters fresh for the playoffs, LeBron James was given the night off by coach Tyronn Lue, placing a greater degree of responsibility on fellow superstar Kyrie Irving. The All-Star guard, as he often did prior to James' return at the start of last season, largely placed the offense on his shoulders, but it was a key defensive play on his part that helped seal the victory. Irving totaled a game - high 33 points, and added five rebounds, an assist, a block and a steal with 3 seconds left on a pass intended for Dirk Nowitzki. He was fouled right after swiping the ball, and sunk two decisive free throws to provide just enough cushion to withstand Deron Williams' three - pointer at the buzzer and still allow Cleveland to walk away victorious. Kevin Love pitched in with a strong effort of his own to support Iriving, tallying 23 points, 18 rebounds, an assist and a pair of blocks. J.R. Smith was next with 13 points, four rebounds, four assists and three steals. Channing Frye continued his strong play off the bench, pacing the reserves with 14 points, three rebounds and a steal. Tristan Thompson, drawing the start at center, notably went scoreless over 37 minutes but did haul in eight rebounds and dish out two assists. The Cavs continue atop both the Eastern Conference's Central Division, and the conference as a whole. They head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday. The Mavs were led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from two of their big men. Nowitzki paced the starters that point total, and added four rebounds, three assists and three blocks. David Lee led the reserves his tally, and supplemented the scoring with three rebounds and an assist. J.J. Barea was the only other Dallas player - - starter or reserve - - to manage double - digit scoring, supplying 17 points, four assists and three rebounds in 23 minutes off the bench. The Mavs are currently in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division, and are hanging on to the eighth seed in the conference for the time being as well. They're home again Friday to face the Golden State Warriors.
