The Milwaukee Bucks (8 - 7) defeated the Detroit Pistons (3 - 11) 98 - 86 on Tuesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee. The Pistons continued with their season struggles against the Bucks on Tuesday, as they suffered their fifth loss in a row and now sit at the bottom of the Eastern Conference, above only the lowly Philadelphia 76ers. The Bucks were able to out - score the Pistons 30 - 19 in the third quarter, setting themselves up for the victory. They also out - rebounded the Pistons 50 - 36, giving them even more of an advantage. The Bucks were led by Brandon Knight, who despite being questionable to play with a quad injury, took the court and recorded 20 points (7 - 12 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT) and eight assists. He's now combined for 47 points in the last two games, as he has found his shooting stroke as of late. O.J. Mayo was in the starting lineup at shooting guard for the first time this season. He capitalized on his opportunity as he shot 5 - for - 10 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 17 points. He's averaging only 11 points on the year, so the promotion into the starting lineup may have provided him some extra motivation. Larry Sanders and Jabari Parker both played well in the victory and were big reasons for the rebound advantage. Sanders had 12 points and nine rebounds, while Parker had 14 points and nine rebounds. The Bucks have been a surprise this season and will look to continue with their momentum. Despite the loss, the Pistons were led by a double - double from center Andre Drummond who scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in 32 minutes. He has now recorded 10 or more rebounds in an impressive 11 of 14 games this season. Greg Monroe came two rebounds shy of his own double - double, and he finished the game with 15 points and eight rebounds. With Brandon Jennings sitting out, D.J. Augustin was the starter at point guard. He shot 4 - for - 11 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 11 points, while handing out seven assists. The Pistons' bench struggled to offer any help, as they had only 20 of the 86 total points. The Bucks' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday, while the Pistons will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.
