The host New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, 113 - 101, at Smoothie King Center on Friday. In a battle between two defensively inept teams, New Orleans took it to the struggling Blazers. The Pelicans offense was especially efficient, as they shot 55 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 45 made baskets. Their defense was better than usual too, as they held Portland to 38 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range. The steals and blocks were the big difference though, with New Orleans winning the steal margin 9 - 2 and the block differential 12 - 1. While there were 12 lead changes, New Orleans never relinquished the lead after the first quarter. Portland (7 - 7) continues to struggle on the defensive end, as this marks the sixth time in seven games that they have allowed at least 111 points. Damian Lillard did all he could to keep the Blazers in the game though, as he scored 27 points on 8 - of - 24 shooting. C.J. McCollum was n't far behind, as he totaled 24 points, four rebounds and five assists. Mason Plumlee had a nice all - around game, accumulating 13 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists. Ed Davis got his first start of the season and grabbed 11 rebounds to go along with two points. Portland will look to crack this three - game losing streak when they travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Sunday for their next game. New Orleans (3 - 10) got Jrue Holiday back in this win and it's clear how much he means to this team. In his debut, he led the bench with 21 points and seven assists in 23 minutes of action. Anthony Davis carried the load though, tallying 38 points, nine rebounds, six assists and four blocks in the win. Tim Frazier got the start at point guard, scoring 12 points and dishing out eight assists. Terrence Jones was a nice spark off the bench, accruing 15 points, seven rebounds and four blocks on 6 - of - 10 shooting. On deck for New Orleans is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday.
