The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Utah Jazz, 91 - 83, at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday night. The Cavaliers (45 - 22) came into Thursday fairly desperate for a win, as they'd dropped four of six games and had the Boston Celtics nipping at their heels, only two games behind for the top seed in the Eastern Conference. Despite being faced with essentially the toughest defense in the NBA in the Jazz (43 - 26) and losing Kyrie Irving (knee tightness) and Iman Shumpert (shoulder) within the game, Cleveland overcame the tough odds to prevail on the strength of a LeBron James 33 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included six assists, two steals and one block. The Cavs also saw the return of Kevin Love (knee) to the starting lineup after missing 13 games, which helped offset the aforementioned in - game exits. Defense was a key as well, as Utah committed 16 turnovers and shot just 24 percent from long distance. The Jazz were led by Rudy Gobert's 20 - point, 19 - rebound double - double that also included one assist, two steals and two blocks. Gordon Hayward followed with 13 points, five rebounds, four assists and one steal. Joe Johnson and Joe Ingles turned in matching 12 - point efforts, with the former adding four rebounds, three assists and one steal, and the latter supplying four rebounds, four assists and one steal. George Hill turned in a modest effort of nine points, two rebounds, two assists and one steal. Irving followed James with 21 points, four rebounds and four assists over 30 minutes before departing. Love posted 10 points and nine rebounds over 20 minutes. Shumpert had nine points and three rebounds in 22 minutes before his exit, and J.R. Smith, getting extra run due to Shumpert's early shower, led the bench with 12 points, six boards and one steal. The Jazz head to the Windy City to take on the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night, while the Cavaliers are West Coast-bound for a Saturday evening showdown of their own with the Los Angeles Clippers.
