The Memphis Grizzlies (39 - 26) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans (25 - 39) 121 - 114 in overtime on Friday. Both squads managed to light up the scoreboard, despite entering the game with depleted rosters. The Pelicans were without Norris Cole for a second straight game due to his back injury, while Zach Randolph (knee), Chris Andersen (shoulder) and the recently - waived Mario Chalmers (Achilles) were all missing from the Grizzlies starting unit. However, a number of backup players took advantage of their opportunities, including New Orleans' Toney Douglas, and Memphis' JaMychal Green, Briante Weber and Lance Stephenson. Although both clubs played well on offense, the Grizzlies were able to stay hot with their shots throughout the game, posting a 49 percent success rate from the field and 43 percent from three - point range. They also elicited 17 turnovers from the Pelicans, and were able to pull out the win despite blowing the 73 - 66 lead they'd entered the fourth quarter with. Jrue Holiday led the way for New Orleans with 34 points, 10 assists, five rebounds and a steal, although he did commit a game - high seven turnovers. Anthony Davis was close behind with a 25 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists, a steal and a block. Dante Cunningham was a surprise contributor on offense, compiling 17 points, six rebounds, an assist, two steals and four blocks. Douglas pitched in with 12 points, seven rebounds, six assists and two steals. Ryan Anderson was superb in pacing the bench, posting 24 points, 12 rebounds and three assists. The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division, and are 9 games behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets. They head to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Saturday night. Memphis was led by a career - high 33 points from Stephenson, who caught fire off the bench over 38 minutes. He added seven rebounds, four assists, two steals and a block. Matt Barnes was next with a triple - double, collecting 26 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists. He also recorded a pair of steals. Green totaled 21 points, 10 rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. Weber posted 10 points, seven assists, five rebounds, a steal and a block. The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division, and retain a hold of the fifth seed in the conference as well. They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Saturday night.
