The Miami Heat (17 - 21) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (12 - 27) 78 - 75 on Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. Down six with just over 30 seconds left in the game, Kobe Bryant knocked down a contested three - pointer to pull within three. After Wesley Johnson blocked Luol Deng on the other side, Bryant had a shot at another three - pointer to tie the game, but missed it as time expired, giving the Lakers their second loss in as many games. The Heat were the superior shooters in this game, going 42 percent from the field, while the Lakers went just 32 percent from the floor. Dwyane Wade started this game, but had to leave after only 14 minutes as he suffered a mild left hamstring strain. He still finished with four points, five rebounds and five assists. With Wade out of the game, Mario Chalmers took over, scoring 19 points (7 - 16 FG, 0 - 3 3Pt, 5 - 7), while adding eight assists and two steals. It was the first time he's reached double figures in points since mid - December, so it was good to see him show an improved offensive game Tuesday. Chris Bosh did n't have his best game, as he struggled with his shot and scored only eight points (4 - 17 FG, 0 - 4 3Pt). It was the first time in 21 games that he did n't reach double - digit points. Hassan Whiteside continued to impress, scoring 15 points (7 - 9 FG) and grabbing nine rebounds in 21 minutes. Over his last two games he's averaged 19 points and 13 rebounds, despite averaging only 7 points and 6 rebounds on the year. The Lakers did n't really have anyone standout in the loss. Kobe Bryant had a rough night, shooting only 3 - for - 19 from the field and 2 - for - 9 from the three - point line to finish with 12 points. He did have six rebounds and seven assists though, so that at least helped offset his poor shooting performance. Jordan Hill had 12 points (5 - 12 FG, 2 - 4 FT) of his own, while adding six rebounds as well. He was right on par with his season averages of 12 points and 8 rebounds. The only other Laker to reach double figures in points was Ed Davis, who went 6 - for - 7 from the field to score 12 points in 23 minutes. He also had eight rebounds. After recording only three points on Sunday, it was a nice bounce back game for him. The Heat's next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday, while the Lakers will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.
