The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Golden State Warriors, 107 - 85, at AT & T Center on Saturday. The laundry list of superstars who sat out this game is endless, but the Spurs were able to add another win under their belt to come one game closer to the Warriors for that coveted number - one seed in the west. It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio, as they led for over 46 minutes of this game, with Golden State's only lead coming in the first quarter. The second half was especially lopsided, as the Spurs led by at least 10 points for the entire third quarter and expanded that by holding at least an 18 - point lead for the whole fourth quarter. Golden State's offense clearly was n't the same without their studs, as they shot 36 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range. San Antonio shot 52 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range. The Warriors (52 - 14) played this game without Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green, as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to beat a better Spurs second - unit. Ian Clark was a bright spot, as he provided 36 points and five rebounds on 15 - of - 21 shooting off the bench. Matt Barnes led the starters with 14 points, nine rebounds and five assists. Zaza Pachulia recorded an 11 - point, 12 - rebound double - double, as the only regular starter to feature for the Warriors. On deck for Golden State is a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday. The Spurs (51 - 14) were without Kawhi Leonard, Tony Parker and LaMarcus Aldridge for this matchup, but their second - unit came in and took care of business against this B-team Warriors squad. Patty Mills led San Antonio, totaling 21 points, two rebounds and four assists. Kyle Anderson contributed 13 points, eight rebounds and six assists. Pau Gasol came off the bench to accrue 10 points, seven rebounds and three assists. while Davis Bertans led the bench with 13 points, The Spurs will return to action on Monday in a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks.
