The Detroit Pistons (30 - 29) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks (24 - 35) 102 - 91 on Saturday. In a battle of Eastern Conference Central Division rivals, the Pistons used timely three - point shooting and defense to gain an early advantage that they would n't relinquish. Even though Milwaukee outperformed them from beyond the arc by a margin of 58 percent to 40 percent, Detroit was able to nail six of their first seven three - point attempts, and 11 of their 19 overall in the first half. Their defense also elicited 21 turnovers from the Bucks, which they were able to convert into 23 points. On the offensive side, a strong outing from Reggie Jackson and Andre Drummond's league - leading 50th double - double on the season helped lead the way for the visitors, carrying them to the road victory. Jackson paced the Pistons' attack with 22 points, eight assists, two rebounds and two steals. Marcus Morris followed with 20 points, eight rebounds and two assists. Tobias Harris and Drummond were next with a pair of 15 - point efforts. The former added four rebounds, four assists and a steal, while the latter hauled in 17 boards, dished out two assists, recorded four steals and registered a pair of blocks. The Pistons remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division, and just a half - game back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls. They head home to face off with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday. Milwaukee was led by Khris Middleton's 26 points, which he supplemented with seven rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block. Jabari Parker followed with 13 points, five rebounds and three assists. Miles Plumlee continued to start at center over Greg Monroe, and collected 10 points, six rebounds, a steal and two blocks. Monroe paced the reserves with 10 points, seven rebounds, three assists, a steal and a block, and outpaced Plumlee in minutes by a margin of 27 - 21. The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They're home again on Monday night as they host the Houston Rockets.
