The Denver Nuggets (5 - 4) defeated the Houston Rockets (4 - 5) 107 - 98 on Friday. The Rockets did nothing to assuage the concerns Head Coach Kevin McHale had expressed less than 48 hours ago, failing to reach 100 points for the second consecutive game while suffering a second straight loss. Houston had endured a similar scoring drought over the season's first three contests before breaking out of their offensive slump by averaging 113 points over the next four outings, all victories. A lack of support for James Harden (28 points) seems to have played a large part in dooming the Rockets' quest for victory Friday, with backcourt mate Ty Lawson somehow failing to score over 34 minutes on the floor. The Rockets did enjoy a resurgent performance from Terrence Jones, who had himself been shut out over 16 minutes in his return Thursday folowing a five - game absence prompted by a facial laceration. Jones came off the bench Friday to post a highly - efficient 23 - point, seven - rebound, four - block performance over just 21 minutes of court time. Trevor Ariza also contributed 13 points, while Dwight Howard tallied a fourth consecutive double - double with 12 points and 10 boards. The Rockets' record fell to 4 - 5 and now reside in third place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division. They head home for a Saturday night showdown with the Mavericks. Danilo Gallinari continues to reap the benefits of full health, a rarity for the talented but oft - injured forward. He led the Nuggets with 27 points on outstanding 78 percent shooting. Kenneth Faried pitched in with a 14 - point, 11 - rebound double - double against a Rockets frontcourt surrendering the second - highest points per night to opposing power forwards, while Will Barton exploded off the bench to amass a season - high 26 points in just 31 minutes. J.J. Hickson and Jameer Nelson also tallied double - digit scoring contributions in starting and reserve roles, respectively. Denver improved their record to 5 - 4 and are currently in second place in the Pacific Division's Northwest Division. They now head to Phoenix for a Saturday tilt of their own versus the Suns.
