The San Antonio Spurs (29 - 6) continued their undefeated streak at home Saturday by beating the Houston Rockets (16 - 19), 121 - 103. The Rockets pulled off the unlikely task of beating the Spurs in their last meeting on Christmas, but this one followed a much more common script. San Antonio ran away with a dominating victory and really took it to the Rockets. It was a 31 - 7 run in the third quarter that really put some distance between these teams and Houston could never recover after that. San Antonio killed Houston with their own recipe, by hitting 13 - of - 24 three - pointers en route to the blowout. Houston's defense has really let them down all year and that was the case yet again here. They allowed the Spurs to shoot over 52 percent from the field and allowed far too many open threes. Most of the starters struggled aside from James Harden and Dwight Howard. The 17 points that Harden scored is extremely low for him, and he really didn’t make any sort of impact in the second half. Howard did record a double - double though, as he collected 22 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat. Houston was expected to lose this game, but the fashion they did it in was ugly yet again and one has to wonder if big changes are coming. The Rockets will look to bounce back on Monday against the Utah Jazz. San Antonio has been dominating with their defense this season, but the offense carried them tonight. They rank first in every significant defensive statistic, but also rank third in offensive efficiency. They surely added to that efficiency rating here, as they shot over 50 percent from the field and three - point range while dishing out an impressive 31 assists. Boris Diaw was the star of the show off the bench, as he tallied 20 points and eight boards in just 25 minutes of action. Danny Green also hit a season - high six three's en route to an 18 - point outing with a solid all - around line. San Antonio has now won 20 - straight home games and they are truly one of the best teams in basketball right now. They'll play the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday in their next scheduled game.
