The San Antonio Spurs (48 - 9) defeated the Sacramento Kings (24 - 32) 108 - 92 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday. Tony Parker’s 23 points were good enough to lead all scorers in the contest, and his impressive shot selection made his 11 - of - 17 shooting from the field look easy. Parker added six assists and three rebounds to his all around strong performance, one that flashed his brilliant basketball IQ, especially when finding Danny Green around the perimeter or Kawhi Leonard in transition. Unsurprisingly, the Spurs shared the ball in selfless fashion, as marked by their team's total of 26 assists. Leonard was originally listed as questionable with a calf injury entering Wednesday morning, but still started and logged 28 minutes of game time, as he contributed 18 points, one assist and seven rebounds in the well rounded performance. The Spurs shot 52 percent from the field as a unit, and had no trouble handling DeMarcus Cousins during the first half, specifically the second quarter, where they held the Kings to only 14 points and entered the half with a double figure lead. The Spurs will play the second game of a back - to - back on the road against the Utah Jazz (28 - 28) on Thursday. DeMarcus Cousins was both the reason the Kings were out of the game in the first half, and right back in the contest during the second half. Cousins failed to register a basket in his first 10 attempts, and if not for Rajon Rondo’s supreme passing ability, the double figure lead that the Spurs entered the half with could have been much worse. Cousins stormed out in the third quarter, leading his unit to outscore the Spurs by five points in the third quarter alone, but it was not enough for a comeback to be kept within striking distance. The Kentucky big man finished with 22 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 23 shooting. Rondo was given miles of space to shoot the ball, but shied away from the opportunity in favor of finding the open man, even if it meant threading the needle to do so. The league’s best passing point guard upped his leading assists per game statistic after registering 18 dimes, to go along with seven points and eight rebounds. Rudy Gay and Quincy Acy were on the receiving end of many of Rondo’s assists, as both front court players contributed double figures. The Kings will host the Los Angeles Clippers (37 - 20) on Friday.
