The Utah Jazz (3 - 4) defeated the Detroit Pistons (2 - 4) 97 - 96 on Sunday at the Palace of Auburn Hills. After trailing by five points going into the fourth quarter, the Jazz were able to outscore the Pistons 23 - 17 to finish the game and steal a victory in Detroit. The Jazz shot 46 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line compared to the Pistons who shot only 39 percent from the field and 26 percent from beyond the arc. The Jazz were also able to get to the line 10 more times than the Pistons, which gave them just enough of an edge to get the one - point victory. Utah spread the points around in a total team - effort victory. Enes Kanter and Derrick Favors both recorded double - doubles. It was Favors' third on the year, as he finished with 16 points and 12 rebounds, while Kanter contributed his first of the season with 14 points and 11 rebounds. Gordon Hayward scored 17 points of his own, shooting 5 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line. He led all scorers for the Jazz. Alec Burks also reached double figures, shooting 6 - for - 13 from the field to finish with 14 points and four assists. With Rodney Hood sitting out with plantar fasciitis in his foot, rookie Dante Exum soaked up the majority of his playing time, as he had nine points and recorded five assits in 20 minutes. The Pistons got their biggest contribution from Brandon Jennings. He finished the game shooting 8 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from beyond the arc for 23 points and five assists. Jennings struggled to begin the season with two four - point games in a row, but he's gotten into a groove lately and has now reached double figures in four straight games. Andre Drummond had a huge game on the boards as he finished with 18 rebounds. Greg Monroe was n't far behind with 11 rebounds of his own, and the pair helped the Pistons out - rebound Utah 51 to 43. Monroe also had 19 points, as the team continues to play their big lineup with Kyle Singler coming of the bench. Josh Smith reached double figures in scoring as he produced 13 points, while also coming one rebound shy of a double - double with nine. The Pistons' next game will be on the road against the Chicago Bulls on Monday, while the Jazz will travel to Indiana to play the Pacers on Monday.
