The Los Angeles Clippers (40 - 20) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder (42 - 19) 103 - 98 at Staples Center on Wednesday. A tale of two halves between a pair of the Western Conference’s best teams, and one that pointed towards a Thunder rout from the get go. Oklahoma City stormed out to a twenty point lead behind Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant, which has been the theme of their season so far. The scoring outbursts from the two all - stars eventually went cold when it mattered most, as Los Angeles rallied behind Wesley Johnson’s three point shooting and superb defense and DeAndre Jordan’s smooth touch at the rim. Chris Paul and company needed a miracle to make the comeback, and that miracle was granted after Jordan made two free throws, as part of two possessions that sent him to the free throw line the old fashioned way. With just under 5:0 remaining in the fourth quarter, Johnson drained back - to - back treys to pull within eight points of the Thunder. Add in a trio of layups from Jamal Crawford, Jordan and Paul (in that order), and the Clippers found themselves down just two points. Kevin Durant broke the cold streak with 2:0 remaining, but the aforementioned Jordan and - 1’s came on the following possessions and the Clippers didn’t look back, capping off the 22 point comeback and resilient victory. Durant led all scorers with 30 points, to go along with 11 rebounds, five assists and five blocks, while Westbrook, who’s shot selection late in the game became strange, finished with 24 points, six rebounds and 12 assists. Serge Ibaka pitched in a double - double with 11 points and 11 boards, and the Thunder bench was led by Enes Kanter’s eight points and eight rebounds. On the Clippers end, it was Paul’s unselfish leadership, as he finished with 21 points, four rebounds and 13 assists. Johnson deserves a lot of credit down the stretch, as he pestered Kevin Durant with fabulous defense, and scored 11 points off the bench. The volume shot selection was not the best of choice, seeing as he took 16 shots, but the ones that fell came at the right time to bail out the 4 - of - 16 shooting. Jordan nailed his free throws when they mattered most and totaled 20 points and 18 rebounds. The Thunder will head north to cap off a brutal back - to - back against the Golden State Warriors (54 - 5) on Thursday, while the Clippers will enjoy a few days off before hosting the Atlanta Hawks (33 - 28) on Saturday.
