The Portland Trail Blazers (39 - 36) defeated the Sacramento Kings (29 - 45) 105 - 93 at Moda Center on Monday. The high scoring first quarter fell by the wayside in favor of the Blazers, as their ridiculously hot three point shooting kept the Kings at a major distance. Portland continues to exceed expectations in the Western Conference, and they currently hold the 6 - seed for the playoff picture, with the 5 - seed within reach. As a unit, the Blazer shot 14 - of - 29 from behind the arc and moved the ball around the perimeter in supreme fashion, as they assisted each other 25 times. Allen Crabbe was the unusual standout off the bench and led his team in scoring with 21 points. Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum combined for 29 points, 12 assists and three rebounds, Al Farouq Aminu added 14 points and eight boards. Once the starters handled business through the first three quarters, the Kings were able to take advantage of a merry go - round bench in the fourth quarter, but even Portland’s lowly 14 fourth quarter points were enough to hold off any kind of comeback. Sacramento has all but fallen by the wayside in the Western Conference, and given a night where pretty much every Kings starter did not play, Seth Curry rose above the rest to have a solid performance in his third consecutive start. Curry scored a career - high 21 points, to go along with four rebounds, one assists and two steals in 34 minutes of action. The younger brother of the reigning MVP even flashed his range, as he went 3 - of - 6 from behind the arc. Most of the starters saw 30 - plus minutes of action, and the Kings only went eight players deep, but all five starters finished in double figures. The Blazers defense proved too much too handle, which made sense given the firepower that coach Terry Stotts had at his disposal without having to face DeMarcus Cousins or Rajon Rondo. The Kings will welcome the Washington Wizards (36 - 37) on Wednesday, while the Blazers will look to catch the Memphis Grizzlies in the playoff race when they host the Boston Celtics (43 - 30) on Thursday.
