The Chicago Bulls defeated the Golden State Warriors, 94 - 87, at United Center on Thursday evening. The Warriors (50 - 11) knew that they'd have a massive challenge on their hands in trying to make up for the extended absence of Kevin Durant (knee), but also had to have a certain measure of confidence knowing that the Splash Bros. tandem that had been vastly successful before Durant's arrival were ready to chuck away. That strategy fell woefully short Thursday, not necessarily in the margin of defeat, but rather, in overall offensive efficiency. Golden State shot an atypical 39 percent from the floor, including an unsightly 20 percent (6 - for - 30) from behind the arc. Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson were particularly aggressive as expected, yet managed to drain only 15 of their combined 49 shot attempts. The Bulls (31 - 30) also won the battle down low, outrebounding the visitors by a 49 - 41 margin. Curry did lead the Warriors with 23 points, six rebounds, five assists and five steals. Thompson was a distant second, netting only 13 points (5 - 22 FG, 1 - 11 3Pt) along with one rebound and one assist. Draymond Green, another player expected to help pick up the slack in Durant's stead, posted 12 points, eight rebounds, seven assists, two blocks and one steal. Rookie Patrick McCaw, starting at small forward, tallied 11 points, four boards, two assists, two steals and one block. Andre Iguodala led the second unit with 10 points, seven rebounds and two assists. Jimmy Butler paced the Bulls with 22 points, six assists, five rebounds, four steals and one block. Bobby Portis managed a 17 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included one block. Dwyane Wade supplied 12 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals. Robin Lopez registered 10 points, three rebounds and one block. The returning Paul Zipser led the bench with nine points, four rebounds, one assist and one steal. The Warriors head to the Big Apple to take on the New York Knicks on Sunday afternoon, while the Bulls remain home for a Saturday night showdown with the Los Angeles Clippers.
