The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 93 - 91, at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday. The battle of two teams with unsightly records and questionable defenses turned out to surprisingly be a low - scoring affair, and saw the Sixers (9 - 24) jump out to an impressive 29 - 16 lead after one quarter. However the Timberwolves (11 - 24) battled back during the middle portion of the game, outscoring their hosts by a 52 - 50 margin over the second and third periods. They made a final push in the fourth, which culminated in the forging of a 91 - 91 tie with one second remaining after a Ricky Rubio 25 - foot three - point jumper. However, it was not to be for Minnesota on Tuesday, as Robert Covington two - point basket off a Dario Saric assist on the ensuing possession sealed the win for Philadelphia at the buzzer. The Timberwolves were led by Zach LaVine, who went for 28 points, three rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block. Karl-Anthony Towns produced a 23 - point, 15 - rebound double - double that also included five assists and two blocks. Gorgui Dieng was effective down low as well, posting 10 points, nine boards, two assists, a steal and two blocks. Andrew Wiggins endured a nightmarish shooting performance, going just 2 - of - 15 from the field, which helped lead an eight - point performance. Rubio produced five points, five assists, three rebounds and two steals, with one of his two made baskets from the floor being the aforementioned clutch three - pointer. Shabazz Muhammad led the bench with 10 points, five rebounds and a steal. The Sixers were paced by Joel Embiid's 25 points, which he complemented with eight rebounds, three assists, two blocks and a steal. Ersan Ilyasova supplied 19 points, five boards, an assist and a block. Covington generated a 13 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also featured two assists, four steals and a block. Nerlens Noel and Saric led the second unit with a pair of eight - point tallies, with the latter also contributing seven boards and the game - winning assist. The Timberwolves continue on their swing through the East Coast with a visit to the Nation's Capital on Friday night to tangle with the Washington Wizards. The Sixers head to Beantown to do battle with the Boston Celtics on Friday evening as well.
