The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 112 - 103, at Barclays Center on Monday night. The Grizzlies (34 - 23) came in to Monday's contest a bit short - handed, as Tony Allen was given the night off to rest his 35 - year - old body. Memphis took advantage of their matchup against the worst team in the league to rest their defensive stalwart, but lately, the Nets (9 - 46) have played hard regardless of the circumstances. That transpired once again Monday, as Brooklyn shot a very respectable 46 percent from the field and committed a relatively modest 12 turnovers, significantly less than their average. However, Mike Conley took the reins of the Grizzlies offense with a 32 - point, six - assist, one - rebound, one - steal performance over 37 minutes, while also making a game - high 11 visits to the free - throw line. Five players hit double digits in the scoring column for the visitors, and they shot 51 percent from the field overall. Marc Gasol checked in second with a near double - double of 19 points, nine rebounds, eight assists, one steal and one block. Brandan Wright stepped in with a season - high 17 points that paced the bench, a total he supplemented with three rebounds, one assist and one steal over 21 minutes. Vince Carter supplied 14 points, three rebounds, one assist and two steals as a reserve. JaMychal Green totaled 10 points and six boards. James Ennis drew the start for Allen but generated a modest five points and five rebounds Brook Lopez and Spencer Dinwiddie led Brooklyn with matching 17 - point efforts, with the former dishing out five assists, hauling in three rebounds and recording a steal, and the latter providing three boards and one assist. Sean Kilpatrick led the bench with 15 points, six rebounds, three assists and one steal. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson collected 13 points, three boards, two assists and two steals. Trevor Booker matched Hollis-Jefferson's scoring total and added four rebounds and a steal. Bojan Bogdanovic submitted 11 points, five rebounds and two assists. The Grizzlies head back home to face off with the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday evening, while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night.
