The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Phoenix Suns, 126 - 98, at Barclays Center on Thursday evening. The Nets (15 - 56) came into Thursday on what could, by their standards, be considered a hot streak. They'd tallied five victories in 12 games in March but they were chasing a particularly significant win against the Suns (22 - 50). Brooklyn had not prevailed in consecutive games in nearly a calendar year, improbable as that sounds. Early on, it appeared the dubious streak would endure, as the Nets fell by a 32 - 22 margin after one quarter. However, they roared back in the second by outscoring Phoenix by a 30 - 18 margin and then took it up a couple of notches in the second half. The Nets outscored their visitors, 74 - 48, over the third and fourth quarters for one of their biggest victories of the season. A whopping eight players hit double digits in the scoring column, and Brooklyn played a stellar defensive game overall, limiting the Suns to a 37 percent success rate from the field and 29 percent figure from three - point range while also causing 19 turnovers. Phoenix was led by Devin Booker, who managed 28 points, two rebounds and three steals. Marquese Chriss continued his recent stretch of excellent play with 23 points, 11 rebounds, two steals and one block. Alex Len followed with an 11 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist, two steals and two blocks. Tyler Ulis chipped in with a 10 - point, 12 - assist double - double that also featured a pair of steals. Leandro Barbosa paced the second unit with 11 points, six boards, one assist and one steal. Brook Lopez led the way for the Nets with 19 points, six rebounds and one block. K.J. McDaniels followed with a bench - leading 16 points, which he supplemented with eight rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Trevor Booker managed 14 points, eight boards and one assist. Jeremy Lin tallied 13 points, five assists and three rebounds. Archie Goodwin and Quincy Acy contributed matching 12 - point efforts as reserves. Isaiah Whitehead compiled 11 points, four rebounds, three assists, two steals and one block over 28 minutes. Justin Hamilton supplied 10 points and one rebound. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson mustered a modest five points but hauled in 16 boards, dished out two assists, recorded two steals and posted one block. The Suns next head to Boston to take on the Celtics on Friday night, while the Nets head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Friday evening as well.
