The Houston Rockets defeated the Phoenix Suns, 133 - 102, at Toyota Center on Saturday evening. The Suns (17 - 38) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season, while the Rockets (40 - 17), as customary, have been one of the most prolific scoring squads. Both of those patterns held true Saturday, as Houston compiled a whopping 77 points in the first half on their way to a blowout home win. James Harden led all scorers with 40 points, which he supplemented with eight assists and six rebounds. With Eric Bledsoe sitting out for rest, Phoenix could n't come close to keeping pace, and shot just 39 percent overall, which largely negated the 21 turnovers they elicited from the Rockets. Devin Booker led the way for the visitors with 18 points, two assists, one rebound and one steal. T.J. Warren followed with 14 points, five boards and three steals. Alex Len drew the start and managed 13 points, eight rebounds, two assists and one block. The second unit featured a trio of double - digit scoring efforts led by Tyler Ulis, who posted 13 points, six assists, two rebounds and one steal. Jared Dudley and Leandro Barbosa followed with matching 12 - point efforts, with the former adding six rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block, and the latter hauling in three boards. Marquese Chriss chipped in with seven points, six rebounds and three assists. Patrick Beverley was a distant second behind Harden with 19 points, 10 boards, five assists and two steals. Ryan Anderson generated 16 points, four rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. Sam Dekker was next with a bench - leading 14 points that he supplemented with four rebounds, one assist and one block. Trevor Ariza and Clint Capela provided a pair of nine - point tallies, with the former also collecting nine rebounds, two assists and three steals, and the latter hauling in five boards, dishing out a pair of dimes and recording a block. The Suns head back home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday evening, while the Rockets welcome the Miami Heat on Wednesday night.
